Dun, Dun Duuun! 

Where did pop culture’s most dramatic sound come from?

‘Elphi’ turns five

The modernist marvel that Hamburg took to its heart

Review

Lise Davidsen/Leif Ove Andsnes – star soprano beguiles and thrills

Album of the week

Brahms: Complete Songs, Vol 1 – Opp 32, 43, 86 and 105 – masterful and revelatory

From Mendelssohn to mush

A day tuned to Scala Radio’s Women Composers

New music for 2022

Francesca Chiejina: the radiant soprano who wants opera for all

Travesty or tragedy?

What Egypt thinks of Verdi’s Aida

Klein review – composer explodes convention into brilliant fragments

CBSO/Yamada review – chief conductor-in-waiting brings spirit but not subtlety

The week in classical: LSO/Rattle; Gianni Schicchi – review

LSO/Rattle review – Kavakos brings brilliance and depth to Unsuk Chin’s violin concerto

Debussy: Pelléas et Mélisande review – Roth and Les Siècles make beguiling opera more miraculous than ever

Classical home listening: French song with Roderick Williams; Ennio Morricone’s cinema suites

The Complete Music of Anton Webern review – hugely influential recordings of jewel-like works

Hidden gems 2021: great albums you may have missed

Roger Norrington

A musical revolutionary bids farewell with Haydn, cheer and chat

Obituary

Nelson Freire

Santtu-Matias Rouvali

‘A conductor needs to be a psychologist’: meet the Philharmonia's new chief conductor

Stephen Hough

‘Music is not just icing on the cake. It’s the cake itself. It’s human life’

Sound and fury, signifying something

Simon Keenlyside on singing Verdi’s Macbeth

‘Their music lit a fire in me’: 

Hearing the voices of three neglected composers gave me my own

‘About as big as it gets’

Behind the scenes of Wagner’s The Valkyrie at English National Opera

They shoot, he scores! 

The composer who set a legendary Arsenal match to music

Know the score

 Without Ethel Smyth and classical music's forgotten women, we only tell half the story

The best classical music works of the 21st century

A guide to contemporary classical music

A musical tour of Europe

Stephen Moss's guide to the music of Europe's great cities: Berlin

Meat Loaf: Bat Out of Hell singer dead at 74

Abba settle lawsuit with ‘parasitic’ tribute band Abba Mania

Meat Loaf obituary

 Meat Loaf was a spellbinding performer who fused sincerity with showmanship

Meat Loaf – a life in pictures

Encanto’s We Don’t Talk About Bruno becomes first Disney song to reach UK No 1

Ronnie Scott’s to host ‘amnesty’ for unwanted lockdown instruments

‘I’m gutted’: Adele postpones Las Vegas residency

Dun, Dun Duuun! Where did pop culture’s most dramatic sound come from?

Kanye West wants to approve final edit of Netflix documentary Jeen-Yuhs


    
    
 Two Canadians killed after tourists shot at Mexican beach resort hotel


    
    
 Draft Trump order told defense chief to seize swing-state voting machines


    
    
 Brian Laundrie admitted in notebook to killing Gabby Petito, FBI says


    
    
 Covid reinfection: how likely are you to catch virus multiple times?


    
    
 Texts show Fox News host Hannity’s pleas to Trump aide after Capitol attack


    
    
 Living review – Bill Nighy tackles life and death in exquisitely sad drama


    
    
 The Dallas Mavericks are consistently white in a black league. Why?


    
    
 First Thing: Mitch McConnell’s comments on Black voters spark outrage


    
    
 Tonga: new footage shows aftermath of volcano eruption and tsunami – video


    
    
 Clothing brand Carhartt in conservative crosshairs for issuing vaccine directive