 When you’re childless not by choice, Mother’s Day can be a painful reminder of profound loss

 Seven downsides to Australia’s dangerous property obsession

 You need to get ready for your ELECTION NIGHT PARTY! (Everyone is always disappointed eventually)

 The gotcha question is all about reporters doing a star turn. It’s rudeness journalism

 Reconciliation action plans can bring meaningful accountability to corporate Australia

 Confessions of an old learner driver: would I get my licence despite not knowing left from right?

 Opposition promises are entrancing New Zealanders as Jacinda Ardern’s star fades

Greg Jericho

 More interest rate hikes are coming, and housing affordability is about to get crunched

Brigid Delaney

Has the interest rate rise broken Australia’s housing market fever?

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Doctor, can I drink water?’ – why the simplest of questions can be the most upsetting

Paul Daley

 How to Make Gravy is already a movie that plays in our heads. That’s its brilliance

Katharine Murphy

 Pity Australia’s voters: awful leaders’ debate cursed by absurd format and incoherent hectoring

Peter Lewis

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

Jeff Sparrow

 Rightwing media no longer wield power as they once did. So why is Labor letting them set the election agenda?

 Here’s how to make Prime Minister Scott’s classic no-cook chicken Korma

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

The Guardian view on the Covid inquiry: looking for justice

 The Tories have had a poll disaster – so why are we talking about takeaway curry?

 The map of Wales is red, green and grey: it’s no country for the Tory party

 I’ve decided to become an #influencer. How hard can it be?

 How worried should we really be about ‘insectageddon’?

 What do you get when a lack of taste meets a shedload of cash? Anna Wintour’s ball

 My fairytale home library dream is dead. Am I just hoarding books?

 How worried should we really be about ‘insectageddon’?

 ‘Workers get the thorns’: the moral ugliness of rose factories

 Surrendering land is not the same as defeat – if a stronger Ukraine emerges from the ruins

 Boris Johnson’s Tories exhibit the morbid symptoms of a fin-de-siècle regime

 I’ve decided to become an #influencer. How hard can it be?

Ben Jennings on a true Queen’s speech – cartoon

 How to Make Gravy is already a movie that plays in our heads. That’s its brilliance

 Fox News deals in Kremlin propaganda. So why not freeze Rupert Murdoch’s assets?


    
    
 Painting swapped in 70s for grilled cheese sandwich serves up windfall


    
    
 Max Verstappen wins the Miami Grand Prix: F1 – as it happened

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war latest: 60 people confirmed killed in school bombing; Jill Biden makes unannounced Ukraine visit


    
    
 Putin’s actions in Ukraine bring shame on Russia, says G7


    
    
 ‘I turned up as a snotty kid who looked right’: Tom Felton’s life after Harry Potter


    
    
 A young Princess Elizabeth and pro-cannabis demos: the weekend’s best photos 


    
    
 ‘She’s coming off looking good’: the week Amber Heard finally spoke


    
    
 Putin’s choices filled with peril on eve of Victory Day parade 


    
    
 Israeli police arrest two Palestinians over independence day attack


    
    
 Odesa hit by missiles as Ukraine claims it has sunk second Russian ship