 When the world overwhelms, joyous rituals like weddings endure – now that’s what J-Lo and I have in common

 Ibac’s finding will only widen the trust deficit between Victorian voters and MPs

 Wages growth should be skyrocketing on the back of Australia’s low unemployment. Is the system broken?

 Gather round kids, let me tell you who’s REALLY responsible for the climate wars

 I don’t wish my teenage children away – but I’m no longer enough for all their needs

 Why I am suing the Australian government over my hotel detention after being brought from Manus Island

 With inflation rising in Australia, an uncomfortable truth is we waste a lot of what we have

Greg Jericho

 Wages growth should be skyrocketing on the back of Australia’s low unemployment. Is the system broken?

Brigid Delaney

 Trump, Johnson, Morrison: is the era of shameless leaders behind us at last?

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 When the world overwhelms, joyous rituals like weddings endure – now that’s what J-Lo and I have in common

Ranjana Srivastava

 As my son turns 16, I thank the universe his fraught birth is only a memory

Paul Daley

 Unplugging from the mind trap of online noise made me realise tuning out is the only way to truly tune in

Katharine Murphy

Leading environment group says Labor must include ratchet mechanism in climate change bill

Peter Lewis

Can Labor confront the reality of Covid?

Jeff Sparrow

 Climate action is fighting back against big polluters. We don’t need to end Australia’s climate wars – we need to win them

 Karl Marx? The sun? The Newcastle Channel Nine weather fellow? Who is the hero of our times?

 At 47, I’m retraining to be a doctor 2,000km from home. The challenge is immense

 ‘I now farm with my ancestors watching’: ag’s struggle with reconciliation

 We must not teach our children a ‘thanks for the land’ version of Australian history

 Should the circumnavigation of Australia be marked as foundation day? Ted Egan thinks so

Ben Jennings on Rishi Sunak v Liz Truss – cartoon

The Guardian view on the Tory leadership race: diversity, but not in thought

The Guardian view on the UK economy: what an almighty mess

 Who will be Britain’s next prime minister, Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss?

 Yes, women’s healthcare is poor – but gender bias is not to blame for that

 When the world overwhelms, joyous rituals like weddings endure – now that’s what J-Lo and I have in common

 Who will be Britain’s next prime minister, Rishi Sunak or Liz Truss?

 Wages growth should be skyrocketing on the back of Australia’s low unemployment. Is the system broken?

 Gather round kids, let me tell you who’s REALLY responsible for the climate wars

 Perhaps it’s time to kick Joe Manchin out of the Democratic party

 Ibac’s finding will only widen the trust deficit between Victorian voters and MPs

 Edwardian morals, Thatcher and bad design – why Britain’s homes are so hot

 ‘Back anyone but Rishi’: that’s the message behind No 10’s hints at betrayal

 I don’t wish my teenage children away – but I’m no longer enough for all their needs

Ben Jennings on Rishi Sunak v Liz Truss – cartoon


    
    
  Biden unveils extreme heat plan – but doesn’t declare climate emergency


    
    
 Bipartisan Senate group reaches deal to reform Electoral Count Act


    
    
 Alarm as fastest growing US cities risk becoming unlivable from climate crisis


    
    
 ‘They hunt us like stray cats’: pro-Russia separatists step up forced conscription as losses mount


    
    
 US Open confirms vaccine status will rule out Novak Djokovic from tournament


    
    
 California police fatally shot 23-year-old Black man as he ran away, video shows


    
    
  Arizona Republican censured by party over testimony on resisting Trump


    
    
 ‘I said, Don, it’s time for you to reveal’: 50 years later, the truth behind American Pie


    
    
 ‘It’s a mess and I’ve never seen anything like it’: global lost luggage crisis mounts


    
    
 Ukraine war forcing China to rethink ‘how and when’ it may invade Taiwan, CIA chief says