 Society is collapsing! Is it possible Grace Tame was once exposed to secondhand pot fumes?

 Cultural birthing practices are what Indigenous women need, it’s time we invested

 I don’t have to choose between my hijab and going to school, but my sisters aren’t so lucky

 Interest rate rises will drive Australia’s election campaign – and may come bang in the middle of it

 Belittling the Canberra convoy protesters will just push ostracised people further into their bunkers

 What I should have done when my 12-year-old told me he was transgender

 Selling romance and erotica books during my breakup taught me about heartbreak

Greg Jericho

 Interest rate rises will drive Australia’s election campaign – and may come bang in the middle of it

Brigid Delaney

Escape from the City: is there a more compelling and frustrating TV show?

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 The global ‘freedom movement’ is a carnival of crank and conspiracy – and very dangerous

Ranjana Srivastava

 Bit by bit, dementia made him slip away. The beginning of the end came when he got lost in the city

Paul Daley

 Bunbury, WA – just one of Australia’s many places named after the killers of Indigenous people

Katharine Murphy

 Morrison and Dutton are imperilling Australia’s national security to hang on to power

Peter Lewis

An increasingly tough election for Labor to win

Jeff Sparrow

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 How could such a likeable down to earth guy like the prime minister be slipping in popularity? Let’s find out

 Government still fighting high court battle for power to deport Indigenous Australians from their own country

 We know ‘the system’ has long failed Aboriginal people – so why not cyberpunk it?

 Each year the Invasion Day cry gets louder. Each year we add names to the list of our dead

 Our people will be mourning on 26 January, but it can still become a day of healing

Martin Rowson on the continuing crisis in Ukraine – cartoon

The Guardian view on Prince Andrew: closure with no prospect of redemption

The Guardian view on Stonehenge: a dynamic monument

 The Prince Andrew affair has shown us how fragile the monarchy really is

 What did kids learn in the pandemic? That adults know nothing

 Society is collapsing! Is it possible Grace Tame was once exposed to secondhand pot fumes?

 Why the panic among Boris Johnson’s allies? Because they know Brexit is unravelling

 Rupert Murdoch waited years for a pliant government – now he’s got one

 I don’t have to choose between my hijab and going to school, but my sisters aren’t so lucky

 The Prince Andrew affair has shown us how fragile the monarchy really is

 Cultural birthing practices are what Indigenous women need, it’s time we invested

The Guardian view on Prince Andrew: closure with no prospect of redemption

 Belittling the Canberra convoy protesters will just push ostracised people further into their bunkers

 Why don’t some people want to get the vaccine? Here’s why

 I’m putting my foot down – only barbarians wear shoes inside

Live


    
    
 Winter Olympics 2022 day 13: Canada beat US to win women’s ice hockey gold, curling and more – live!


    
    
 New York girl missing for two years found alive in a hidden staircase room 

Live


    
    
 Ukraine crisis: Russia has deployed 7,000 more troops to border, US official claims – live


    
    
 Cheating the audience: what went wrong with Inventing Anna?


    
    
 ‘Hard up’ Andrew may turn to family and friends to help pay settlement


    
    
 IOC offered US skaters torches instead of medals after Valieva saga


    
    
 Counterfeit canines: the air travelers with fake service dogs


    
    
 Biden recalls putting dead dog on Republican voter’s doorstep as young politician


    
    
 ‘The sober fairy gave me one more chance!’ Glee’s Jane Lynch on alcoholism, ambition and the return of Mrs Maisel


    
    
 San Francisco DA drops charges against woman whose rape kit DNA linked her to a property crime