 How to defend yourself against Australia’s most dangerous bird? Be CASS-O-WARY!

 The NRL grand final result doesn’t matter – Penrith Panthers are already champions

 It is the great paradox of being human: we change but we stay the same

 The Anzac cloak has shielded the Australian War Memorial from criticism. Its recognition of frontier violence is long overdue

 As a victim of identity theft, I know just how quickly it can happen – and how hard it is to fix

 With the right incentives, organic farming could be Australia’s way to a pesticide-free future

 Britain’s trickle-down budget idiocy offers a clear lesson for Australia on our stage 3 tax cuts

Greg Jericho

 Britain’s trickle-down budget idiocy offers a clear lesson for Australia on our stage 3 tax cuts

Brigid Delaney

‘You can’t unsee this’: Richard Mosse’s all-consuming plea to save the Amazon

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 The election of Italy’s fascist-adjacent Giorgia Meloni is a public reminder that women can be just as awful as men

Ranjana Srivastava

 Why robotic joint surgery is not a ‘penicillin moment’ in orthopaedics

Paul Daley

PM indicates timeframe for Indigenous voice referendum – as it happened

Katharine Murphy

Australia reacts to monarch’s passing – as it happened

Peter Lewis

The prospects of an Australian republic – and predictions for the federal budget

Jeff Sparrow

 As resistance grows to the fossil fuel regime, laws are springing up everywhere to suppress climate activists

 My day on a plate – make sure you put on that pesticide!

 Slave traders’ names are still stamped on native plants. It’s time to ‘decolonise’ Australia’s public gardens

 Crikey and Lachlan Murdoch’s lawyers have first day in court as judge warns of ‘hyperbole’

 Why did the Queen’s death receive saturation media coverage while the future of the Earth goes largely ignored?

 Don’t ask me to give the Queen a minute’s silence, ask me for the truth about British colonialism

The Guardian view on the Tory conference: a carnival of shame

The Guardian view on chess cheating claims: innocent until proven guilty

 As Labour marches forward, is racism in the party being swept under the carpet?

 Depop is supposed to be a place to buy and sell vintage clothes. I come for the emojis, oversharing and flaky vendors

 Turkey must give me the evidence it has about the murder of my husband, Jamal Khashoggi

 Think Putin is a global threat? Then we need to talk about Xi Jinping

 Vladimir Putin’s latest frightening gambit lies at the bottom of the ocean

 If Blonde is a feminist film, why is Marilyn Monroe still being exploited?

 Ms Truss’s brand of havoc has got Britain moving… towards the resurgent Labour party

 To understand the scale of the climate emergency, look at hurricanes

 Slave traders’ names are still stamped on native plants. It’s time to ‘decolonise’ Australia’s public gardens

 The US ultra-rich justify their low tax rates with three myths – all of them rubbish

 Turkey must give me the evidence it has about the murder of my husband, Jamal Khashoggi

 This Tory crisis reveals a party that has lost touch with reality – and its own heartlands

Ben Jennings on Liz Truss and Kwasi Kwarteng’s ‘growth plan’ – cartoon


    
    
 Polls put Lula on brink of comeback victory over Bolsonaro in Brazil


    
    
 Petraeus: US would destroy Russia’s troops if Putin uses nuclear weapons in Ukraine


    
    
 Brazil election 2022: live results from the presidential race


    
    
 Archaeologists hail ‘dream discovery’ as sarcophagus is unearthed near Cairo


    
    
 Capitol attack officer Fanone hits out at ‘weasel’ McCarthy in startling interview


    
    
 Shark tale? Video of large fish in flooded Florida yard goes viral


    
    
 Confidence Man review: Maggie Haberman takes down Trump


    
    
 US supreme court to decide cases with ‘monumental’ impact on democracy


    
    
 DeSantis’s pleas for hurricane aid raise hackles amid vast partisan divide


    
    
 Who is Tucker Carlson really ‘rooting for’ in Ukraine? 