 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 Here’s how to make Prime Minister Scott’s classic no-cook chicken Korma

 The election is a fight of who is disliked the least – there is a clear and growing destabilisation in our politics

 When will we talk about housing affordability for Australians who can’t get on the property ladder?

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

 On World Press Freedom Day, will Australia’s major parties pledge to fix our whistleblowing law?

 For parents already living grief, NDIS cuts feel like our kids are being punished for incompetent leadership

Greg Jericho

 The Australian inflation rate gives the lie to Morrison’s claims of strong economic management

Brigid Delaney

The grand world of tiny things: ‘Whatever you’ve got in big, you can make in little’

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Doctor, can I drink water?’ – why the simplest of questions can be the most upsetting

Paul Daley

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

Katharine Murphy

 ‘Vote for us because we are not Labor’ is the most unfulfilling call to action in recent memory

Peter Lewis

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

Jeff Sparrow

 Rightwing media no longer wield power as they once did. So why is Labor letting them set the election agenda?

 Housing in Australia is a cruel disaster and getting worse!

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

The Guardian view on the West End: a perilous business

 Here’s why the Tories are so obsessed with Starmer’s ‘Beergate’ saga

 I thought it was weird to have a favourite spoon. Then I realised I wasn’t alone ...

 Labour faces an open goal in this week’s local elections. It mustn’t miss

 Of course there is abusive behaviour in parliament – the place was built for it

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 Trump still won’t shut up. He’s doing Democrats running for office a huge favor

 Is escalation in Ukraine part of the US strategy?

 Here’s how to make Prime Minister Scott’s classic no-cook chicken Korma

 Here’s how Americans can fight back to protect abortion rights

 The election is a fight of who is disliked the least – there is a clear and growing destabilisation in our politics

 Boris Johnson has lost the Tories’ respect – so why has he not lost their support?

Martin Rowson on the threat to Roe v Wade and Trump in 2024 – cartoon

 When will we talk about housing affordability for Australians who can’t get on the property ladder?

 Here’s why the Tories are so obsessed with Starmer’s ‘Beergate’ saga

Live


    
    
 Real Madrid 3-1 Manchester City (agg 6-5): Champions League semi-final, second leg – live reaction!

Live


    
    
 Ukraine war: Reports of ‘bloody battles’ inside Azovstal steelworks; 600 killed in Mariupol theatre bombing – live


    
    
 How soon could US states outlaw abortions if Roe v Wade is overturned?


    
    
 Amber Heard testifies in Johnny Depp defamation trial: ‘This is horrible for me’


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Trump still won’t shut up. He’s doing Democrats running for office a huge favor


    
    
 Wagner-linked Putin ally: ‘Dying west thinks Russians are third world scum’


    
    
 Federal Reserve announces biggest interest rate hike since 2000


    
    
 A moment that changed me: I went to a party – and spent all evening with the host’s puppy


    
    
 Certain gut microbes may affect stroke risk and severity, scientists find


    
    
 Beijing orders ‘stress test’ as fears of Russia-style sanctions mount