 Stories draw us to the hero’s journey, but individual empathy doesn’t help us see the bigger picture

 They want to bring the Tasmanian tiger BACK TO LIFE! If this was a movie the scientists would be caught up in a sinister plot

 Australia’s latest Covid wave may be passing but the crisis in hospitals has only just begun

 How can we shift the bad vibes that seem all around? Be OK with being wrong and don’t have an opinion on everything

 The floods tell us the river is sick. We should listen to Indigenous knowledge to help Country heal

 Scott Morrison must resign immediately and try to salvage what remains of his shredded reputation

 The far-right disinformation pipeline that now spans the globe goes straight from Trumpland to Australia

Greg Jericho

 A rise in wages should be good news, but in real terms, this is historically pitiful

Brigid Delaney

 How can we shift the bad vibes that seem all around? Be OK with being wrong and don’t have an opinion on everything

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 The far-right disinformation pipeline that now spans the globe goes straight from Trumpland to Australia

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘How long do you think I have?’ I still dread the question, but owe my patients an honest answer

Paul Daley

 Unplugging from the mind trap of online noise made me realise tuning out is the only way to truly tune in

Katharine Murphy

Tanya Plibersek on Labor’s plans for Australia’s environment

Peter Lewis

 Enabling an Indigenous voice to parliament will make Australia more credible in the world’s eyes

Jeff Sparrow

Greens question governor general’s ‘non-disclosure’ of Morrison powers – as it happened

 Scott Morrison – Minister for Everything and Nothing and There Was a Lot Going On

 I will be voting yes to establish an Indigenous voice to parliament

 The Peter FitzSimons interview with Jacinta Price that sparked a week-long culture war

 The deaths of Aboriginal women must spark outrage – and change

 In Archie Roach we have a quintessential example of how powerful a voice can be

 Treating refugees like ‘waste people’ is abhorrent, wherever they end up

 ‘Girlboss’ used to suggest a kind of role model. How did it become a sexist putdown?

 Water firms exist to sustain life. They should answer to citizens, not shareholders

 Iran gloats, America plots, but even a nuclear deal will not tame Tehran

 Yes, elite football is a plaything of global wealth. But it could be part of another, better England

 ‘Girlboss’ used to suggest a kind of role model. How did it become a sexist putdown?

 AI-generated art illustrates another problem with technology

 I have spent 25 years treating serious sexual offenders – this is what I’ve learned

 ‘How long do you think I have?’ I still dread the question, but owe my patients an honest answer

 Stories draw us to the hero’s journey, but individual empathy doesn’t help us see the bigger picture

 Iran gloats, America plots, but even a nuclear deal will not tame Tehran

 After 50 years, could Colombia finally have awoken from its nightmare?

 Australia’s latest Covid wave may be passing but the crisis in hospitals has only just begun

 Treating refugees like ‘waste people’ is abhorrent, wherever they end up

 Who better than Liz Truss to lead a country whose own sewage laps at its shores?


    
    
 Daughter of Putin ally Alexander Dugin killed in car bomb in Moscow


    
    
 Ousted Republican reflects on Trump, democracy and America: ‘The place has lost its mind’ 


    
    
 Nuclear waste ravaged their land. The Yakama Nation is on a quest to rescue it


    
    
 Student shot dead in Alabama forest by woman posing as stranded motorist, police say


    
    
 ‘They said it was impossible’: how medieval carpenters are rebuilding Notre Dame


    
    
 Lawrence Freedman: ‘Autocracies tend to make catastrophic decisions. That’s the case with Putin’


    
    
 My adult ADHD drugs felt like a lifeline. Then came the scary side-effects …


    
    
 Joyce says Qantas ‘not good enough’ in apology over airport chaos – as it happened


    
    
 Trump set to ask court for ‘special master’ to review Mar-a-Lago evidence


    
    
 Crimea’s civilians sound alarm after Ukrainian drone hits Russian fleet HQ