 ‘We’ve earned better than this’: voters give their verdict on the Australian election

 What will it be like (or what WOULD IT HAVE BEEN LIKE) under an Albo government?!

 LinkedIn is a place full of polite people being nice to you - so why am I drawn to the war zone that is Twitter?

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 A forgotten story of the election is First Nations voices are often excluded from the conversation

 What makes a great political speech? Let’s talk about oratory, my fellow citizens

 Australian wages in real terms are essentially no different from where they were in 2013

Greg Jericho

 Australian wages in real terms are essentially no different from where they were in 2013

Brigid Delaney

Albanese claims victory over Morrison – as it happened

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 What makes a great political speech? Let’s talk about oratory, my fellow citizens

Katharine Murphy

 How Albanese’s practical pivot on climate paved the way for a Greens surge

Peter Lewis

 ‘Second miracle’ or historic win from opposition? No one knows how this election journey will end

Jeff Sparrow

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 How to preference your ballot so you VOTE SCOTT OUT!

 Laura Tingle laments ‘stupid and depressing’ election campaign as Morrison dodges ABC debate

 Reconciliation action plans can bring meaningful accountability to corporate Australia

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

The Guardian view on swallows and swifts: nature’s messengers

 Goodbye to the age of rage: why Piers Morgan’s outrage journalism is flopping

 The alleged Buffalo shooter was also inspired by Islamophobia. That’s telling

 Wages have become far less important than the intangible perks of the job

 Boris Johnson’s ‘oven-ready’ deal has left us with egg on our faces

 Goodbye to the age of rage: why Piers Morgan’s outrage journalism is flopping

 #MeToo is over if we don’t listen to ‘imperfect victims’ like Amber Heard

 History tells us women can turn elections: the Liberals should have listened

 Cleo’s world was darkened by depression. Reconnecting brought back some colour

 The food crisis is what happens when global chains collapse. We might need to get used to it

 Boris Johnson’s ‘oven-ready’ deal has left us with egg on our faces

The Observer view on the investigation into Covid lawbreaking in Downing St

 Crypto is starting to lose its cool – just look at El Salvador

Boris Johnson, dancing queen – cartoon

Brian Adcock on the looming Sue Gray report – cartoon


    
    
 Ukraine forces prepare for possible attack on Belarusian border

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: airstrikes target Mykolaiv and Donbas regions; Ukraine EU bid could take 20 years, says French minister – live


    
    
 Biden says ‘everybody’ should be concerned about spread of monkeypox


    
    
 Couple say they killed bear who charged through window and attacked them 


    
    
 My life was ruled by panic attacks. Here’s my seven-point guide to tackling anxiety


    
    
 Arkansas Republican admits abortion trigger law would cause ‘heartbreak’ if Roe is reversed


    
    
 Does turmeric’s reputation translate into real health benefits?


    
    
 Trump shares CPAC Hungary platform with notorious racist and antisemite


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 #MeToo is over if we don’t listen to ‘imperfect victims’ like Amber Heard


    
    
 My ‘lost love’ has contacted me, but my wife is dismayed