 How good is being prime minister? It’s one of the main themes of the budget, along with making climate change worse

 Here in Byron Bay we survived last month’s flooding – but this is something else

 Endometriosis treatment in Australia isn’t perfect – but there’s a lot to celebrate

 What I know about breastfeeding as a second-time mum

 Will Smith’s Oscars slap created a storm of increasingly irrelevant internet hot takes

 Great economic managers need a budget that looks past preening and self-interest

 The painful loss of my dog gave me confidence to experience grief rather than shrug it off

Greg Jericho

 The amazing thing about the 2022 budget? How clearly it reveals the government’s death throes

Brigid Delaney

‘It just exploded’: The Bad Guys author on writing ‘Tarantino for kids’ – and selling millions

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As his ‘fauxgan’ act wears thin, desperation is driving Scott Morrison deeper into the dress-up box

Ranjana Srivastava

 Why is it judged an indulgence when doctors help the disadvantaged?

Paul Daley

Chelsea Watego on sovereignty, survival and self-determination in the colony

Katharine Murphy

Budget reply speech: Anthony Albanese pledges $2.5bn extra for struggling aged care system

Peter Lewis

 The floods seamlessly tied together all of Scott Morrison’s biggest failures into one giant catastrophe

Jeff Sparrow

 Is battling back-to-back disasters distracting us from fighting the climate crisis?

 Honk! The weird plains-wanderer runs and hides again

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

 Australia’s history of massacres should be no surprise, but many have to be dragged to the truth

 Reporting on Indigenous issues is still woeful but we will keep making noise and keep showing up

Steve Bell on Vladimir Putin and Nato – cartoon

The Guardian view on falling satisfaction with the NHS: broken promises

The Guardian view on Ukraine’s refugees: Britain’s grudging welcome

 The horrific birth stories from Shrewsbury NHS trust are haunting. Sadly, they’re not unique

 Aidan felt safe at choir, changed by the communal act of sharing his voice – then he was diagnosed with cancer

 The amazing thing about the 2022 budget? How clearly it reveals the government’s death throes

 Aidan felt safe at choir, changed by the communal act of sharing his voice – then he was diagnosed with cancer

 Feeling constantly unwell made me feel weak and pathetic. A diagnosis was life-changing

 The Republican party is obsessed with children – in the creepiest of ways

Steve Bell on Vladimir Putin and Nato – cartoon

 Why is the UK seeing near-record Covid cases? We still believe the three big myths about Omicron

 Why is Biden boasting about drilling for oil? Our planet demands we stop now

 How good is being prime minister? It’s one of the main themes of the budget, along with making climate change worse

 Heavy-handed approach to aid has disenchanted Pacific Island nations and compromised Australia’s security

 White outrage about Will Smith’s slap is rooted in anti-Blackness. It’s inequality in plain sight

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war latest: Russian forces leave Chernobyl; Germany rejects Putin’s gas supply ‘blackmail’ – live


    
    
 Romney suggests cutting retirement benefits for younger Americans


    
    
 Pedro Almodóvar on Will Smith at the Oscars: ‘The devil, in fact, doesn’t exist’ 


    
    
 ‘He just looked lost’: worries over Bruce Willis’s cognitive state surface


    
    
 Congressman Madison Cawthorn under fire over claims of DC drugs and orgies


    
    
 Putin signs order demanding gas payments in roubles from Friday


    
    
 Number of fentanyl-filled pills seized by US law enforcement up 4,850%


    
    
 ‘I know how much it hurts’: Biden to release US oil in bid to lower gas prices – as it happened


    
    
 Why is GCHQ saying Putin has been misinformed about Ukraine war?


    
    
 Why is Vladimir Putin demanding Russian gas is paid for in roubles?