 SEVENTY YEARS THE QUEEN! Is it because she has not had to work a single day in her life?

 Thirty years after Mabo, First Nations people are on the verge of true self-determination. We hope not to be disappointed

 After the Coalition’s failure, there is no higher duty than being Australia’s environment minister

 Why did Covid disappear from our collective consciousness so quickly?

 Australia needs to decolonise its mental health system and empower more Indigenous psychologists

 Australian businesses benefited from rising prices. Workers? Not so much

 Who will be the minister for sucking up to the teals but ignoring the Greens until it is too late?

Greg Jericho

 Australian businesses benefited from rising prices. Workers? Not so much

Brigid Delaney

 Why did Covid disappear from our collective consciousness so quickly?

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 Is Australia’s election result a teal revolution or an old story of centre-right flight?

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 Every Hill Got A Story: collected First Nations oral histories are a profound gift to national memory

Katharine Murphy

Albanese honours Queen amid jubilee celebrations; up to seven monkeypox cases detected; 59 Covid deaths reported – as it happened

Peter Lewis

 Anthony Albanese’s government must learn from Labor’s last breakup with electoral power

Jeff Sparrow

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 Congratulations to the Greens political party, they have finally done something useful! FINALLY! YEAH!

 Thirty years on, the Uluru Statement from the Heart campaign can draw inspiration from Mabo

 The stories of Australia’s stolen generations were told 25 years ago – did they fall on deaf ears?

 As we reclaim the stage for Indigenous storytellers, we have a question for colonisers

 Australians woke up to Scott Morrison and didn’t just move the goalposts – they dragged them off the paddock

Boris Johnson as Johnny Rotten – cartoon

 I’ll be happy to be running up that hill with Kate Bush for ever

 Why your ability to repair a tractor could also be a matter of life and death

 Succumbing to workplace stress? We’re now supposed to suffer in silence

 JD Vance is firmly against banning guns – but he’s keen on banning porn

 Unlike the Queen, King Charles will have no sense of caution, only of entitlement

 Will the hateful army who bullied Yassmin Abdel-Magied come after Australia’s diverse new parliamentarians?

 JD Vance is firmly against banning guns – but he’s keen on banning porn

 Skilful economic measures are needed to fight the inflation stalking Australia’s households

 The Liberal party cannot rebuild until it rediscovers its reason to exist

 SEVENTY YEARS THE QUEEN! Is it because she has not had to work a single day in her life?

 Why your ability to repair a tractor could also be a matter of life and death

 A Kardashian snub, Harry’s return and Andrew gone awol. How’s your jubilee weekend?

Boris Johnson as Johnny Rotten – cartoon

 Russia is winning the economic war - and Putin is no closer to withdrawing troops


    
    
 She was jailed for losing a pregnancy. Her nightmare could become more common


    
    
 How Texas boys’ dream trip ended in family massacre at hands of fugitive


    
    
 Deborah James describes anger and fear over dying of bowel cancer

Live


    
    
 Queen’s platinum jubilee concert 2022: follow the Platinum Party at the Palace – live


    
    
 Domestic violence experts lament fallout from Depp-Heard trial


    
    
 Kevin Na resigns from PGA Tour to avoid conflict with LIV Golf event


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: what we know on day 101 of the invasion


    
    
 Uvalde police were trained to quickly confront an active shooter. So why did they wait? 

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: US supports international inquiry into war crimes in Ukraine – live


    
    
 Chris Jacobs withdraws reelection bid amid GOP fire on his gun control stance