 Vets want to help your pet – and you – but death threats aren’t good for anyone’s health

 Political platitudes like ‘we’re in a good place’ won’t fill the cracks in Australia’s economy ahead of the election

 Prime minister, as a refugee I have done everything Australia has asked. Nine years on, why am I still in detention?

 During a pandemic the healthcare system needs some effort and money YOU ARE THE GOVERNMENT THAT IS YOUR JOB

 There’s been an exodus from Australia’s cities to the regions. What does that mean for local economies?

 Did I just pay someone to bash me up? The horror of a rough massage

 I applaud your work Dylan Alcott, but we can’t all ‘love’ our disability

Greg Jericho

 The market thinks rates are about to go up because of inflation. The market could be wrong

Brigid Delaney

 Did I just pay someone to bash me up? The horror of a rough massage

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 A prime minister who lives by the photo op dies by the photo op – and Grace Tame owes Scott Morrison nothing

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Moral distress clings to you’: the mood has changed for health providers – and it’s unsettling

Paul Daley

Book It In: Marion Frith on hope in the aftermath of war

Katharine Murphy

Labor’s lone wolf: Anthony Albanese embarks on the fight of his life

Peter Lewis

 Slo-Mo’s summer of missteps means Australian politics has ceased to be a game

Jeff Sparrow

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 A whole new year of excitement and fun what does 2022 have in store for us?

 Each year the Invasion Day cry gets louder. Each year we add names to the list of our dead

 Our people will be mourning on 26 January, but it can still become a day of healing

 How four men with a beach umbrella made history in the battle for Aboriginal sovereignty

 What is racial invisibility, and how do white people benefit from it?

 There are good reasons why the Met may want a redacted version of the Gray report

 It’s 50 years since Bloody Sunday, but sectarian tensions are running high

 Luxury at the top, privation at the bottom: Britain is becoming feudal in its disparities

 Too few staff may boost investment in technology but people still need help into work

 Expansionist private schools need a lesson in morality

 Grilled by ‘girly swots’: what poetic justice for a man as misogynistic as Boris Johnson

 Vets want to help your pet – and you – but death threats aren’t good for anyone’s health

 Luxury at the top, privation at the bottom: Britain is becoming feudal in its disparities

 Waiting for Putin: Russia’s phoney war is playing out as surreal theatre

 Podcasts were meant to revive Spotify. Now it’s on the culture war frontline

 Why assume it’s a problem if a woman is child-free at thirty? Maybe she prefers it that way

 It’s 50 years since Bloody Sunday, but sectarian tensions are running high

 ‘Woke’ capitalism is the new villain of the right. It’s also the only way forward

 Political platitudes like ‘we’re in a good place’ won’t fill the cracks in Australia’s economy ahead of the election

 The Joe Rogan v Neil Young furore reveals Spotify’s new priority: naked capitalism


    
    
 Rafael Nadal beats Medvedev in epic Australian Open final for 21st slam title


    
    
 Trump pardon promise for Capitol rioters ‘stuff of dictators’ – Nixon aide


    
    
 US Senate panel close to approving ‘mother of all sanctions’ against Russia

Live


    
    
 AFC championship game: Cincinnati Bengals v Kansas City Chiefs – live!


    
    
 ‘Tremendous loss’: car crash leaves nine dead in Las Vegas


    
    
 Georgia county purges Democrats from election board and cancels Sunday voting


    
    
 Pregnant New Zealand journalist stranded by quarantine rules says she turned to Taliban


    
    
 Daniil Medvedev praises Nadal and criticises crowd after Australian Open loss – video


    
    
 America’s hottest city is nearly unlivable in summer. Can cooling technologies save it?


    
    
 Blind date: ‘He looked at me and said, “It’s OK, I only date older women”’