 Like the air I breathed, alcohol was unquestioned in my life. I gave it up but still felt pressure to drink

 Robodebt was not only wrong and unethical but also AGAINST THE LAW

 Why Australia is stuck with these low productivity rates

 Some of the best subjects I took were on campus. Learning via Zoom can’t beat this

 I am free while the women of Iran are not afforded the same luxury – but now they are spearheading a revolution

 Why do we have such low rental vacancy? It doesn’t mean a shortage of houses

 The Respect@Work bill is a step forward – but it falls short on improving access to justice for victims

Greg Jericho

 Now that Australia’s house prices are falling, does the RBA really need to raise rates yet again?

Brigid Delaney

‘It gives off psycho vibes’: the sharehouse with a homebuilt shrine to Princess Diana

Van Badham

 I give in, I’m a Halloween convert. Australians need it as much as anyone

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘It’s not looking good, is it?’ Why patients’ families plead for connection as much as prognosis

Paul Daley

 The Australian War Memorial’s intransigence on depicting the frontier wars speaks louder than words

Katharine Murphy

Amanda Rishworth on the National Plan

Peter Lewis

Voters react to Albanese’s budget and Dutton’s political plans

Jeff Sparrow

 If you don’t like climate activists staging art gallery protests, organise something better

Lenore Taylor

The political cost of an economic crisis – with Lenore Taylor

 Is there a better way to get climate change on the front page of the world’s newspapers than soup on Van Gogh?!

 A dark cloud lingers after another violent Indigenous death – but the skies are never really clear for First Nations Australians

 Why Aboriginal women fear NSW’s new coercive control laws could do more harm than good

 Australian republicans must support the Indigenous voice referendum or risk losing theirs when the time comes

 Slave traders’ names are still stamped on native plants. It’s time to ‘decolonise’ Australia’s public gardens

 In Kyiv, I saw Ukrainians on the frontlines of a very real culture war

 I saw the magnificent Pussy Riot last night. If only the world had listened to what they were saying a decade ago

 Rishi Sunak has surrounded himself with yes-men. What he really needs is a Willie

 An intervention from Rishi Sunak today is all that stands between my brother and death

 How can we cut soaring demand for meat? Try a hybrid burger

 Like the air I breathed, alcohol was unquestioned in my life. I gave it up but still felt pressure to drink

 I saw the magnificent Pussy Riot last night. If only the world had listened to what they were saying a decade ago

 Rishi Sunak has surrounded himself with yes-men. What he really needs is a Willie

 Robodebt was not only wrong and unethical but also AGAINST THE LAW

 Cindy Crawford has a midlife coach? I’d LOVE someone to help me with middle-aged feet and wild swimming

 In Kyiv, I saw Ukrainians on the frontlines of a very real culture war

 From the $28,500 sex chair to the $3,900 minibar snacks, Goop’s gift guide just keeps on giving

 Want to understand Britain’s decline? Try catching a train in the north of England

 Why Australia is stuck with these low productivity rates

 I hated being told I should ‘cherish every moment’ of motherhood – now I understand


    
    
 ‘We were completely exposed’: Russian conscripts say hundreds killed in attack


    
    
 Row brews in Iran over use of its drones in Ukraine war by Russia


    
    
 Putin ally Yevgeny Prigozhin admits interfering in US elections


    
    
 The memeification of Aaron Rodgers’ struggles has officially begun

Live


    
    
 Midterms live: Biden and Trump hit campaign trail as 41 million US voters cast early ballots in crucial elections


    
    
 German girl, 8, freed after allegedly being locked away for most of life


    
    
 Florida braced for arrival of Storm Nicole, which could become hurricane


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 I saw the magnificent Pussy Riot last night. If only the world had listened to what they were saying a decade ago


    
    
 World is on ‘highway to climate hell’, UN chief warns at Cop27 summit


    
    
 ‘It’s him’: Lord Lucan hunt continues 48 years after nanny murder