 Will the hateful army who bullied Yassmin Abdel-Magied come after Australia’s diverse new parliamentarians?

 Skilful economic measures are needed to fight the inflation stalking Australia’s households

 SEVENTY YEARS THE QUEEN! Is it because she has not had to work a single day in her life?

 Thirty years after Mabo, First Nations people are on the verge of true self-determination. We hope not to be disappointed

 After the Coalition’s failure, there is no higher duty than being Australia’s environment minister

 Why did Covid disappear from our collective consciousness so quickly?

 Australia needs to decolonise its mental health system and empower more Indigenous psychologists

Greg Jericho

 Australian businesses benefited from rising prices. Workers? Not so much

Brigid Delaney

 Why did Covid disappear from our collective consciousness so quickly?

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 Is Australia’s election result a teal revolution or an old story of centre-right flight?

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 Every Hill Got A Story: collected First Nations oral histories are a profound gift to national memory

Katharine Murphy

Anthony Albanese vows to strengthen Australia’s ties on official Indonesia visit

Peter Lewis

 Anthony Albanese’s government must learn from Labor’s last breakup with electoral power

Jeff Sparrow

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 Who will be the minister for sucking up to the teals but ignoring the Greens until it is too late?

 Thirty years on, the Uluru Statement from the Heart campaign can draw inspiration from Mabo

 The stories of Australia’s stolen generations were told 25 years ago – did they fall on deaf ears?

 As we reclaim the stage for Indigenous storytellers, we have a question for colonisers

 Australians woke up to Scott Morrison and didn’t just move the goalposts – they dragged them off the paddock

The Guardian view on monkeypox: communication is crucial

 I came here to save my life. By sending me to Rwanda, the UK threatens it again

 When the world gets too much, I reach for The West Wing

 The storm clouds of Brexit and Covid have moved on – but Britain just isn’t working any more

 Why do beautiful people want to keep their good fortune to themselves?

 After winning the climate election, Labor must be the climate government the whole world needs

 Why do beautiful people want to keep their good fortune to themselves?

 The great Coronapause is over, but history tells us that complacency can be a killer

 Unlike the Queen, King Charles will have no sense of caution, only of entitlement

 What did Depp v Heard teach us? That justice and reality TV are incompatible

 Will the hateful army who bullied Yassmin Abdel-Magied come after Australia’s diverse new parliamentarians?

 Hillary Clinton is right: the age of the showman leader has damaged politics

 I’ll be happy to be running up that hill with Kate Bush for ever

Boris Johnson as Johnny Rotten – cartoon

 The storm clouds of Brexit and Covid have moved on – but Britain just isn’t working any more


    
    
 Can televised hearings bring the truth about January 6 to the US public?


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Hillary Clinton is right: the age of the showman leader has damaged politics


    
    
 Schiff: DoJ decision not to indict Trump ex-aides Meadows and Scavino a ‘grave disappointment’


    
    
 Diabetes drug leads to notable weight loss in people with obesity – study


    
    
 Russia claims to have targeted western-supplied tanks in Kyiv airstrikes


    
    
 Philadelphia and Tennessee shootings leave at least six dead and 25 wounded


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Dustin Johnson’s act of greed stands out in Saudi Arabia’s vulgar rebranding game


    
    
 I’m 80, and a needy widower won’t take no for an answer


    
    
 She was jailed for losing a pregnancy. Her nightmare could become more common


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Timid Biden condemns Ukrainians to an agonising war without end