 The global ‘freedom movement’ is a carnival of crank and conspiracy – and very dangerous

 Australian intelligence should not be used for political goals. The US is still recovering from Trump doing just that

 Good riddance to the koala bear, Australia’s most useless animal!

 Government still fighting high court battle for power to deport Indigenous Australians from their own country

 If the only voice I hear for a week is Joe Rogan’s, what sort of person will I become?

 I grew up in a Christian school – and the religious discrimination bill must be scrapped to protect our children

 Young trans people around Australia are seeing the news and hearing that they are not worthy of protection

Greg Jericho

 Australia’s 4% unemployment in isolation hides what’s really going on in the labour market

Brigid Delaney

 If the only voice I hear for a week is Joe Rogan’s, what sort of person will I become?

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 The global ‘freedom movement’ is a carnival of crank and conspiracy – and very dangerous

Ranjana Srivastava

 Bit by bit, dementia made him slip away. The beginning of the end came when he got lost in the city

Paul Daley

‘How’s this for a beginning?’: the tricky work of writing the story of Australian history

Katharine Murphy

Sex discrimination commissioner Kate Jenkins on a turning point in Australian politics

Peter Lewis

An increasingly tough election for Labor to win

Jeff Sparrow

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 Being able to hire workers is an enormous privilege – abuse it and lose it

 We know ‘the system’ has long failed Aboriginal people – so why not cyberpunk it?

 Each year the Invasion Day cry gets louder. Each year we add names to the list of our dead

 Our people will be mourning on 26 January, but it can still become a day of healing

 How four men with a beach umbrella made history in the battle for Aboriginal sovereignty

 Lies come in all shapes and sizes. This government is familiar with them all

Russia delights in Boris Johnson being ‘in charge’ – cartoon

 Why not re-erect the statue of Edward Colston and topple it once a year?

 Computers can write their own code. So are programmers now obsolete?

 Asking a delivery driver to dance is deranged – but Amazon bosses appear to disagree

 The global ‘freedom movement’ is a carnival of crank and conspiracy – and very dangerous

 Farewell, Cressida Dick, the Met chief only interested in one thing: ignoring bad coppers

 Every beautiful thing came from the Papahaua mountains, and the trees were its lifeblood

Russia delights in Boris Johnson being ‘in charge’ – cartoon

 Asking a delivery driver to dance is deranged – but Amazon bosses appear to disagree

 Lies come in all shapes and sizes. This government is familiar with them all

 My nephew was beautiful and courageous. The love and acceptance of his family was not enough

 If the only voice I hear for a week is Joe Rogan’s, what sort of person will I become?

 Here’s how to demolish the most common excuses for climate crisis apathy

 Good riddance to the koala bear, Australia’s most useless animal!


    
    
 The edge of war: what, exactly, does Putin want in Ukraine?


    
    
 Blind date: ‘She told me she’d had a negative lateral flow test. Is that today’s version of making a pass?’


    
    
 Mold, leaks, rot: how Brad Pitt’s post-Katrina housing project went horribly wrong


    
    
 ‘Clean and innocent’: Valieva’s coach breaks silence with Cas to decide teen’s fate

Live


    
    
 Ukraine crisis: Kremlin denounces US ‘peak hysteria’ after Putin-Biden call


    
    
 Chelsea 2-1 Palmeiras: Club World Cup final – as it happened


    
    
 US far-right podcaster charged after machine guns found in basement


    
    
 ‘They’ll have to carry me out in a box’: inside the apartments of the luckiest renters


    
    
 New Texas voting rules causing high number of ballot rejections


    
    
 Biden’s supreme court short list narrows to three names