 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

 On World Press Freedom Day, will Australia’s major parties pledge to fix our whistleblowing law?

 Housing in Australia is a cruel disaster and getting worse!

 For parents already living grief, NDIS cuts feel like our kids are being punished for incompetent leadership

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

 Politicians are basking in the ‘thrill’ of fossil fuels, but this election is Australia’s last chance to reset our climate attitude

 Australia, we need to talk about politics: history beckons at this election, and keeping your head down just won’t do

Greg Jericho

 The Australian inflation rate gives the lie to Morrison’s claims of strong economic management

Brigid Delaney

The grand world of tiny things: ‘Whatever you’ve got in big, you can make in little’

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Doctor, can I drink water?’ – why the simplest of questions can be the most upsetting

Paul Daley

Paul Cleary on land rights, native title and big mining

Katharine Murphy

 ‘Vote for us because we are not Labor’ is the most unfulfilling call to action in recent memory

Peter Lewis

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

Jeff Sparrow

 Rightwing media no longer wield power as they once did. So why is Labor letting them set the election agenda?

 The anti-government and the anti-Labor scare campaigns: aren’t we already horrified?

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

 When will we talk about housing affordability for Australians who can’t get on the property ladder?

 Why did #MeToo bypass the music industry? Just look at the gatekeepers

 Through the Trumpian looking glass, forcing women to die from illegal abortions is ‘pro-life’

 Being open about pay would make it harder to hire minorities? That sounds like corporate BS to me

 The Tories’ biggest trick is making their opponents fight post-Brexit policies in the courts

 Through the Trumpian looking glass, forcing women to die from illegal abortions is ‘pro-life’

 When will we talk about housing affordability for Australians who can’t get on the property ladder?

 As the US supreme court moves to end abortion, is America still a free country?

 Why did #MeToo bypass the music industry? Just look at the gatekeepers

Ben Jennings on the supreme court’s draft ruling on Roe v Wade — cartoon

 Housing in Australia is a cruel disaster and getting worse!

 Being open about pay would make it harder to hire minorities? That sounds like corporate BS to me

The Guardian view on overturning Roe v Wade: a human rights catastrophe

 What would victory actually mean now for Ukraine – and for Europe?

 What did my son learn at school? That Thatcher was ‘OK’, apparently


    
    
 ‘Betrayal’: chief justice orders inquiry into leak of draft abortion ruling


    
    
 Villarreal 2-3 Liverpool (2-5 agg): Champions League semi-final, second leg – as it happened

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: Russia attacks Azovstal plant after first civilians evacuated from steel works reach safety – live


    
    
 My wife has gone off the idea of a threesome – and I’m gutted

Live


    
    
 Biden ‘not prepared’ to support ending Senate filibuster to pass abortion rights law – live


    
    
 Men and boys among alleged rape victims of Russian soldiers in Ukraine


    
    
 Drone carrying guns into Canada from US intercepted after crashing into tree


    
    
 ‘There was an enormous amount of drugs being taken’: Graham Nash on groupies, feuds, divorce and ego


    
    
 ‘I caused pain’: Bill Gates responds to allegations of affair a year after divorce


    
    
 Covid hospitalisation may affect thinking similar to 20 years of ageing