 Is there a better way to get climate change on the front page of the world’s newspapers than soup on Van Gogh?!

 Does anyone really think Elon Musk cares about supporting creatives on Twitter?

 The Respect@Work bill is a step forward – but it falls short on improving access to justice for victims

 I may not be a doctor … but I’m almost certain you have ADHD

 After the loss of a dear friend I am angry I caved in to the social pressure to not take as many photos

 NSW needs to address coercive control, but this rushed law is not the way to do it

 Now that Australia’s house prices are falling, does the RBA really need to raise rates yet again?

Greg Jericho

 Now that Australia’s house prices are falling, does the RBA really need to raise rates yet again?

Brigid Delaney

‘It gives off psycho vibes’: the sharehouse with a homebuilt shrine to Princess Diana

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 I give in, I’m a Halloween convert. Australians need it as much as anyone

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘It’s not looking good, is it?’ Why patients’ families plead for connection as much as prognosis

Paul Daley

 The Australian War Memorial’s intransigence on depicting the frontier wars speaks louder than words

Katharine Murphy

Amanda Rishworth on the National Plan

Peter Lewis

Voters react to Albanese’s budget and Dutton’s political plans

Jeff Sparrow

 If you don’t like climate activists staging art gallery protests, organise something better

 If you can’t simply stop being poor try some of these power saving LIFE HACKS!!

 A dark cloud lingers after another violent Indigenous death – but the skies are never really clear for First Nations Australians

 Why Aboriginal women fear NSW’s new coercive control laws could do more harm than good

 Australian republicans must support the Indigenous voice referendum or risk losing theirs when the time comes

 Slave traders’ names are still stamped on native plants. It’s time to ‘decolonise’ Australia’s public gardens

The Guardian view on Brexit and the economy: time to face facts

The Guardian view on the book publishing industry: no one size fits all

 The US is on a knife-edge. The enemy for Trump’s Republicans is democracy itself

 Sixty years ago, true statecraft avoided a nuclear war. We need that again over Ukraine

 We Albanians are just the latest scapegoats for Britain’s failing ideological project

 The US is on a knife-edge. The enemy for Trump’s Republicans is democracy itself

 Why do we have such low rental vacancy? It doesn’t mean a shortage of houses

 Suella Braverman aboard a Chinook: proof that in politics, standards can always get worse

 Can Labor provide cost-of-living relief without feeding inflation and interest rates? An expert panel responds

 I may not be a doctor … but I’m almost certain you have ADHD

 Is there a better way to get climate change on the front page of the world’s newspapers than soup on Van Gogh?!

 Sixty years ago, true statecraft avoided a nuclear war. We need that again over Ukraine

 I live in an affluent area, but I have a secret I can’t tell my neighbours: I don’t know how I’ll survive this winter

 Cop27 is here and the climate crisis is daunting but here’s the key to tackling it – cheer up

 Does anyone really think Elon Musk cares about supporting creatives on Twitter?

Live


    
    
 Twitter layoffs: Elon Musk reportedly fires team responsible for tackling misinformation - live


    
    
 Joe Rogan admits schools don’t have litter boxes for kids who ‘identify’ as furries


    
    
 ‘We’re watching you’: incidents of voter intimidation rise as midterm elections near


    
    
 Twitter sees sudden mass layoffs as Elon Musk admits ‘massive drop’ in revenue


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 The US is on a knife-edge. The enemy for Trump’s Republicans is democracy itself


    
    
 How I turned $15,000 into $1.2m during the pandemic – then lost it all


    
    
 Oscar and Tony nominated writer-director Douglas McGrath dies aged 64


    
    
 Herschel Walker hits back at Barack Obama: ‘Put my résumé against his’


    
    
 Former US Marines pilot arrested in Australia after returning from China will fight extradition


    
    
 Finnish PM Sanna Marin cleared of misconduct over partying footage