 Biloela threw its support behind the Murugappans. What can we do for similar families we know and love?

 How Australia’s electoral system allowed voters to finally impose a ceasefire in the climate wars

 After playing a critical role in getting prime minister Albo elected I have a list of demands

 Every Hill Got A Story: collected First Nations oral histories are a profound gift to national memory

 Sydney’s put on a dimmer and turned on the sprinklers: we’re not built to do this much rain

 The stories of Australia’s stolen generations were told 25 years ago – did they fall on deaf ears?

 Duelling diplomacy in the Pacific should dispel the notion of a China-Australia reset

Greg Jericho

Can Labor do anything to fix the problems in our economy?

Brigid Delaney

 Sydney’s put on a dimmer and turned on the sprinklers: we’re not built to do this much rain

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 Every Hill Got A Story: collected First Nations oral histories are a profound gift to national memory

Peter Lewis

 ‘Second miracle’ or historic win from opposition? No one knows how this election journey will end

Jeff Sparrow

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 Self-reflection is usually for leftists and the weak but we need to find out who to blame for the election

 As we reclaim the stage for Indigenous storytellers, we have a question for colonisers

 Australians woke up to Scott Morrison and didn’t just move the goalposts – they dragged them off the paddock

 Laura Tingle laments ‘stupid and depressing’ election campaign as Morrison dodges ABC debate

 A forgotten story of the election is First Nations voices are often excluded from the conversation

The Guardian view on British butterflies: declining beauty

 Struggling to pay at the supermarket till, I felt that childhood shame flooding back

 I hid in fear while a gunman killed 17 at my school four years ago. Why has nothing changed?

 Want to see where Britain’s political future will be decided? Head to Milton Keynes

 Pay may be up for the UK’s lowest earners, but so are work demands and stress levels

 Anthony Albanese’s choice of Speaker will be key to transforming our testosterone-fuelled parliament

 Women’s fertility problems are not theirs to bear alone. Men are also delaying childbirth

 The Donald and the Kremlin Don: how Trump’s toxic legacy helps Putin

 Boris Johnson, the party animal, has vomited over standards in public life

 I hid in fear while a gunman killed 17 at my school four years ago. Why has nothing changed?

 Ukraine must negotiate from a position of strength. But the world’s attention is fading

 After 21 people were killed, the Republican party’s newest enemy is … doors

 If a lesbian only desires same-sex dates that’s not bigotry, it’s her right

 Want to see where Britain’s political future will be decided? Head to Milton Keynes

 Sydney’s put on a dimmer and turned on the sprinklers: we’re not built to do this much rain


    
    
 Ukraine war is Putin’s death warrant, says wife of jailed politician 


    
    
 Sievierodonetsk bombing so intense, casualties cannot be assessed, officials say

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: situation in Luhansk ‘extremely escalated’ amid intense shelling; Zelenskiy visits troops in Kharkiv – live


    
    
 ‘I woke up and he was on top of me’: six women on being abused by fashion agent Jean-Luc Brunel


    
    
 ‘Extremely active’ jumping worms that can leap a foot raise alarm in California


    
    
 Alan White obituary


    
    
 Trump’s ‘big lie’ hits cinemas: the film claiming to investigate voter fraud


    
    
 ‘Do something!’: Biden visits Uvalde after mass shooting as onlookers urge him to take action


    
    
 Biden laments violence and fear as Texas official says police made ‘wrong decision’


    
    
 As the pandemic ebbs, long-haul Covid still drains patients and confounds doctors