 The moon: twice a day, 900 balloons are released from the Earth

 Could Twitter actually get any worse? Hold Elon’s beer

 I have done all I can to save energy and I can barely afford the cost of existing

 Learning new skills can be daunting. Here are four ways to embrace being a beginner

 Our schnauzer will always be waiting to greet my father on the tennis court again

 Australia’s legal system leaves juries stranded in a time warp – the world has moved on

 A dark cloud lingers after another violent Indigenous death – but the skies are never really clear for First Nations Australians

Greg Jericho

 Taylor Swift’s incredible success in graphs – who can blame me for being a Swiftie as a 50-year-old man?

Brigid Delaney

‘You do see a bit of Jackson Pollock in it’: the country pub with a striking Nicky Winmar artwork

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 I give in, I’m a Halloween convert. Australians need it as much as anyone

Ranjana Srivastava

 Shiny new hospitals won’t solve Australia’s healthcare crisis. They could make it worse

Paul Daley

 The Australian War Memorial’s intransigence on depicting the frontier wars speaks louder than words

Katharine Murphy

Jim Chalmers on the Albanese government’s first budget

Peter Lewis

Short runways and Faustian pacts – a tough balancing act for Labor ahead of the budget

Jeff Sparrow

 If you don’t like climate activists staging art gallery protests, organise something better

 You would not believe what questions real estate agents are asking tenants now!!

 Why Aboriginal women fear NSW’s new coercive control laws could do more harm than good

 Australian republicans must support the Indigenous voice referendum or risk losing theirs when the time comes

 Slave traders’ names are still stamped on native plants. It’s time to ‘decolonise’ Australia’s public gardens

 The Anzac cloak has shielded the Australian War Memorial from criticism. Its recognition of frontier violence is long overdue

 Israeli Arabs may be the last defence against Netanyahu’s return to power

 Politicians are responsible for inequality in Britain. No wonder they blame refugees

 Rishi Sunak badly misread the national mood, and now a Cop27 U-turn is looming

 I’ve had to remind myself how to behave in meetings: rule one, don’t just say whatever pops into your head

 Elon Musk’s Paul Pelosi tweet proves he has no business running Twitter

 Could Twitter actually get any worse? Hold Elon’s beer

 What drove the man who attacked Nancy Pelosi’s husband?

 I have done all I can to save energy and I can barely afford the cost of existing

 Like Trump, Elon Musk reveals a vapid mind super-charged by wealth and ego

 Rishi Sunak badly misread the national mood, and now a Cop27 U-turn is looming

 Elon Musk’s Paul Pelosi tweet proves he has no business running Twitter

The Guardian view on Lula’s comeback: good for Brazil and the world

 Learning new skills can be daunting. Here are four ways to embrace being a beginner

 Lula’s presidential victory in Brazil is sweet, but will he be able to govern?

Ben Jennings on Jair Bolsonaro’s defeat in Brazil – cartoon


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Elon Musk’s Paul Pelosi tweet proves he has no business running Twitter


    
    
 The death of the American shopping mall – in pictures


    
    
 Donald Trump Jr posts crude memes making light of attack on Paul Pelosi


    
    
 Norway puts military on raised alert level in response to Ukraine war


    
    
 A secret bathroom 911 call: how Paul Pelosi saved his own life 


    
    
 Paul Pelosi attack: suspect federally charged with assault and attempted kidnapping – as it happened


    
    
 Pence blames Trump for events leading to January 6 in new memoir


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Like Trump, Elon Musk reveals a vapid mind super-charged by wealth and ego


    
    
 Cormac Roth, musician and son of Tim Roth, dies aged 25


    
    
  Bolsonaro remains silent after election defeat to Lula as key allies accept result