 You need to get ready for your ELECTION NIGHT PARTY! (Everyone is always disappointed eventually)

 The gotcha question is all about reporters doing a star turn. It’s rudeness journalism

 Reconciliation action plans can bring meaningful accountability to corporate Australia

 Confessions of an old learner driver: would I get my licence despite not knowing left from right?

 Opposition promises are entrancing New Zealanders as Jacinda Ardern’s star fades

 More interest rate hikes are coming, and housing affordability is about to get crunched

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

Greg Jericho

 More interest rate hikes are coming, and housing affordability is about to get crunched

Brigid Delaney

Tom Tilley on growing up ‘hardline’ Pentecostal: ‘It was weird – it was speaking in tongues’

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Doctor, can I drink water?’ – why the simplest of questions can be the most upsetting

Paul Daley

 How to Make Gravy is already a movie that plays in our heads. That’s its brilliance

Katharine Murphy

Anthony Albanese open to cabinet reshuffle if Labor wins election

Peter Lewis

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

Jeff Sparrow

 Rightwing media no longer wield power as they once did. So why is Labor letting them set the election agenda?

 Housing in Australia is a cruel disaster and getting worse!

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

 When you’re childless not by choice, Mother’s Day can be a painful reminder of profound loss

 Fox News deals in Kremlin propaganda. So why not freeze Rupert Murdoch’s assets?

Local elections: the wheels come off the Boris bus – cartoon

 Cyndi Lauper: girls just wanna have fun – and be given their due

 How Russia and Ukraine are finding new ways to use tech in the war

 Fox News deals in Kremlin propaganda. So why not freeze Rupert Murdoch’s assets?

 How to Make Gravy is already a movie that plays in our heads. That’s its brilliance

 To Reasonable Rational People counseling calm about abortion: Aaaarrggh!

 Seven downsides to Australia’s dangerous property obsession

 How Russia and Ukraine are finding new ways to use tech in the war

 When you’re childless not by choice, Mother’s Day can be a painful reminder of profound loss

 The gotcha question is all about reporters doing a star turn. It’s rudeness journalism

 You need to get ready for your ELECTION NIGHT PARTY! (Everyone is always disappointed eventually)

Local elections: the wheels come off the Boris bus – cartoon

 Muting real-life friends on social media is harsh – but sometimes it’s the kindest thing to do

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: all women and children evacuated from besieged steel plant; US defends passing intelligence to Ukraine – live


    
    
 Odesa hit by missiles as Ukraine claims it has sunk second Russian ship


    
    
 Liverpool 1-1 Tottenham: Premier League – as it happened


    
    
 ‘She’s coming off looking good’: the week Amber Heard finally spoke


    
    
 Putin’s choices filled with peril on eve of Victory Day parade 


    
    
 US intelligence told to keep quiet over role in Ukraine military triumphs


    
    
 Potentially historic winds forecast as firefighters battle New Mexico wildfire


    
    
 ‘I didn’t believe stories of atrocities in Ukraine. But then I saw the photos’


    
    
 ‘It’s just gorgeous’: rare deep-sea dragonfish spotted off California coast


    
    
 ‘Enforced childbirth is slavery’: Margaret Atwood on the right to abortion