 A generation of children increasingly think gambling is inextricably linked with the AFL

 Canberra’s tired old script has led to a less democratic Solomon Islands and a less secure Australia

 Is it better to vape than smoke? Definitely, but it’s still worse than quitting entirely

 There’s more privacy out of the city. For a stickybeak like me, that’s a disaster

 Australia needs a seventh state so north Queensland gets its fair share

 Religious groups that follow Jesus must push to end the exploitation of others for power and profit

 Scott Morrison refuses to budge on a federal Icac. But the dam of reality will have to burst

Greg Jericho

 It’s more important to know the impact of your policies than to know economic figures off-hand

Brigid Delaney

The grand world of tiny things: ‘Whatever you’ve got in big, you can make in little’

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 Today’s ‘woman’ is supposed to people-please yet also be an empowered ‘girlboss’ – why?

Ranjana Srivastava

 This healthcare practice robs many seniors of vitality and life in their twilight years

Paul Daley

‘I am Bob. Just Bob’: could a Wollongong folk hero have had a Nazi past?

Katharine Murphy

Australian Christian Lobby targets Liberal MPs who voted against religious discrimination laws

Peter Lewis

 Anthony Albanese is taking the weight of Scott Morrison’s shortcomings and deploying these against him

Jeff Sparrow

 Is battling back-to-back disasters distracting us from fighting the climate crisis?

 Thank goodness it’s time for another episode of ‘nothing terrible happens’

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

 Australia’s history of massacres should be no surprise, but many have to be dragged to the truth

Seamus Jennings on the PM’s bandwagon rolling on – cartoon

The Guardian view on Boris Johnson’s apology: time to vote the PM from office

The Guardian view on war in Ukraine: a new but no less brutal phase

 I moved to an all-girls college to escape my school’s rape culture – finally I can study in safety

 I take little interest in men’s balls. Unlike Tucker Carlson …

 What’s the real reason why Black celebs are still so angry with Will Smith?

 I take little interest in men’s balls. Unlike Tucker Carlson …

 Seriously, Tory party, there is no pooper scooper big enough to clear up Johnson’s constant mess

 It felt beautiful when neighbours came together on WhatsApp during Covid. Then came the rows about teens

 I have looked after thousands of dying people in aged care. I’ve seen and heard things you cannot imagine

 I moved to an all-girls college to escape my school’s rape culture – finally I can study in safety

 Should we feel joy or despair that we’re on track to keep global heating to 2C?

The Guardian view on war in Ukraine: a new but no less brutal phase

 Fear, paranoia, anger – this is life under China’s zero-Covid strategy

 No, more police won’t make New Yorkers – or anyone else – safer. It never does


    
    
 Russian forces capture first city in battle for Donbas


    
    
 Jen Psaki in tears during interview on Republican anti-LGBTQ ‘cruelty’

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war latest: Mariupol ‘offered ceasefire’ for surrender; eastern city of Kreminna captured by Russia


    
    
 Russia pitches up to 20,000 mercenaries into battle for Ukraine’s Donbas region

Live


    
    
 Liverpool 4-0 Manchester United: Premier League – live reaction!


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 What’s the real reason why Black celebs are still so angry with Will Smith?


    
    
 Killers confronted: humpback whale turns on orca pod in rare encounter


    
    
 ‘Discrimination was their brand’: how Abercrombie & Fitch fell out of fashion


    
    
 Attempt to bar Marjorie Taylor Greene from Congress can proceed, judge says


    
    
 Jupiter’s moon Europa may have water where life could exist, say scientists