Cooking ‘ota ika

a Tongan soul food that’s a riot of flavour and a connection to home

From yaps to howls

what your dog’s bark means – and how to get them to tone it down

‘It stopped me having sex for a year’

why Generation Z is turning its back on sex-positive feminism

Three things with Damian Callinan

 Mum’s diary is not all chocolate and roses

How to make the perfect pork (or chicken, duck or tofu) larb – recipe

How to make good meals without loads of washing-up

From pulses to pulled pork

Yotam Ottolenghi’s slow-cooking recipes

From ricotta dumplings to cheddar risotto

Nicholas Balfe’s recipes for cheesy comfort food

Broke Vegan’s recipes for cauli stalk and lentil tacos and chilli rice noodle salad

Meera Sodha’s recipe for vegan lemon tart

No butter, no eggs, no issue

vegan mushroom, spinach and shallot quiche from scratch – recipe

How to make the perfect Boston baked beans – recipe

Tinned fish

your easy meal fix

Nigel Slater’s recipe for baked roots with curry cream

Rachel Roddy’s favourite recipe for mushroom and pepper goulash

You be the judge: should my girlfriend stop hitting the snooze button?

I am happily settled, and yet I still think of my first love. Will it forever hold me in its sway?

I suffer from premature ejaculation – and it’s made me lose confidence in my sexual ability

How we met: ‘I was looking for new hair – new me. The salon booked me in with JP’

 There’s a new picture on our kitchen corkboard…

 What can we all learn from watching couples in therapy?

I found my husband watching porn and now I feel betrayed

Blind date: ‘He looked at me and said, “It’s OK, I only date older women”’

You be the judge: should my wife stop nabbing all the best biscuits?

Record numbers of women reach 30 child-free in England and Wales

Kinky, us? Guardian readers can’t all be

French fashion designer Thierry Mugler dies aged 73

In love with the glove

the TikTok generation falls for a classic look

Scents and sensibility

what’s behind the rise of extreme smells?

Creative set

Fendi celebrates the Bloomsbury legacy

Virgil Abloh’s final collection for Louis Vuitton debuts in Paris

André Leon Talley obituary

‘My life completely turned around’: is manifesting the key to happiness – or wishful thinking?

‘I don’t want to die’: the shielders who fear the end of Covid restrictions

From vaginal laser treatment to spa breaks – it’s the great menopause gold rush

‘Steering is going to be a challenge’

a beginner’s guide to river tubing

A gentle hidden gem

a visitor’s guide to the NSW far south coast

 We take turns peering into a plastic bucket. Inside is a batch of freshly hatched turtles

‘Valium in a watersport’

a beginner’s guide to standup paddleboarding

‘We’re in a good paddock’

a visitor’s guide to Mollymook and Milton, Shoalhaven’s surf-and-turf twins

How to stay chic on holiday

pack a robe and wash your undies in the sink

How to holiday across Australia this summer without an exorbitant rental car

Travelling interstate for Christmas?

What you need to know if you have to cancel flights

Treats, poo bags and acceptance

what to pack for a roadtrip with your dog

Crossword blog

 Crosswords for beginners: from Inspector Morse to Barbara Windsor, it’s all Latin to me

Cryptic crosswords

 Cryptic crossword No 28,672

Quick crosswords

 Quick crossword No 16,145

Sudoku

 Sudoku 5,531 hard

Prize crosswords

 Prize crossword No 28,667

Kakuro

 Kakuro 1586 hard

Killer sudoku

 Observer killer sudoku

Thomas Eaton

 What links crane, flesh, horse, house, robber? The Saturday quiz

Lunar new year celebrations 2022 – in pictures

You be the judge: should my girlfriend stop hitting the snooze button?

I am happily settled, and yet I still think of my first love. Will it forever hold me in its sway?

Experience: after getting Covid, everything I eat tastes like rotting flesh

Dining across the divide: ‘I thought, we’re back in the 60s, get in the minivan and fire up the doobies’

‘My life completely turned around’: is manifesting the key to happiness – or wishful thinking?

Word games, pen names and trips into space – take the Thursday quiz

‘It stopped me having sex for a year’: why Generation Z is turning its back on sex-positive feminism

You be the judge: should my wife stop nabbing all the best biscuits?

That used car smell: how to deal with a stinky vehicle

You be the judge: should my brother give me better birthday presents?


    
    
 The Black woman sentenced to six years in prison over a voting error


    
    
 ‘Almost invisible’: Germans lose patience with Olaf Scholz as he hesitates on Ukraine


    
    
 Xi and Putin denounce Nato expansion as Ukraine tensions rise


    
    
 California county on track to be run by militia-aligned group


    
    
 Rotterdam says ‘no request’ to dismantle bridge for Bezos’s yacht – reports


    
    
 ‘A regressive, embarrassing disappointment’: how And Just Like That ruined Sex and the City


    
    
 As Omicron peaks, the US healthcare system is left ‘broken beyond repair’


    
    
 ‘I was astonished’: how a TikToker sent his dad’s unreleased 43-year-old song viral 


    
    
 NFL end of season awards: Rodgers’ reign and Stafford’s Super Bowl surge


    
    
 Facebook suffers $230bn wipeout in biggest one-day US stock plunge