 We know you’ve never done anything for Australia Scott, but can you please just do this one thing

 TikTok was the first app that made me feel old. Now I realise it’s much more than dance and prank videos

 Labor is careful not to write him off, but the pressure is all on Scott Morrison

 Lismore residents’ flood response was a DIY model of emergency management

 It’s time we heard the voices of the disenfranchised we don’t hear on the ABC

 Aidan felt safe at choir, changed by the communal act of sharing his voice – then he was diagnosed with cancer

 Feeling constantly unwell made me feel weak and pathetic. A diagnosis was life-changing

Greg Jericho

 The amazing thing about the 2022 budget? How clearly it reveals the government’s death throes

Brigid Delaney

Letting go: the decluttering obsession moves into the mind

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As his ‘fauxgan’ act wears thin, desperation is driving Scott Morrison deeper into the dress-up box

Ranjana Srivastava

 Why is it judged an indulgence when doctors help the disadvantaged?

Paul Daley

Chelsea Watego on sovereignty, survival and self-determination in the colony

Katharine Murphy

Poll: Coalition cash splash leaves voters cold as just a quarter say budget will be good for them

Peter Lewis

 The floods seamlessly tied together all of Scott Morrison’s biggest failures into one giant catastrophe

Jeff Sparrow

 Is battling back-to-back disasters distracting us from fighting the climate crisis?

 Honk! The weird plains-wanderer runs and hides again

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

 Australia’s history of massacres should be no surprise, but many have to be dragged to the truth

 Reporting on Indigenous issues is still woeful but we will keep making noise and keep showing up

Steve Bell on the killing of civilians in Ukraine – cartoon

The Guardian view on the latest IPCC report: a fast track to climate disaster

The Guardian view on Hungary’s election: a dismal day for democracy

 We urgently need to cut emissions – the good news is we can do it quickly and relatively cheaply

 Will Putin ever be held responsible for the atrocities we’re seeing in Bucha?

 We know you’ve never done anything for Australia Scott, but can you please just do this one thing

 It’s a myth that middle-aged women don’t want sex. In fact, we need it more than ever

 Orbán’s victory in Hungary adds to the darkness engulfing Europe

 Amazon workers in New York City have two words for Jeff Bezos: Ha ha

 We urgently need to cut emissions – the good news is we can do it quickly and relatively cheaply

 Will Putin ever be held responsible for the atrocities we’re seeing in Bucha?

 To have a child or not is a huge decision. So why is there so little discussion of it?

 Don’t assume Russia and China are on the same page. The US can work with China

The Guardian view on Hungary’s election: a dismal day for democracy

 I felt guilty putting my dad in a nursing home, but it brought us closer together

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war latest: Biden calls for Putin war crimes trial; Borodyanka worse than Bucha, says Ukrainian prosecutor


    
    
 Ketanji Brown Jackson confirmation vote is ‘making history’, says senator – as it happened


    
    
 Capitol attack panel scores two big wins as it inches closer to Trump’s inner circle


    
    
 Secret Service renting mansion for over $30,000 to protect Hunter Biden


    
    
 Rape as a weapon: huge scale of sexual violence inflicted in Ukraine emerges


    
    
 Routing of Russian forces from Kyiv area will be hard to repeat in eastern Ukraine


    
    
 UK Covid symptoms list expanded with nine more signs of illness


    
    
 Crystal Palace 3-0 Arsenal: Premier League – as it happened


    
    
 Biden finds Murdoch ‘most dangerous man in the world’, new book says


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 The 2022 Grammys got behind the classiest of artists … and the least