 Seven tired old tropes politicians wheel out in place of a vision for Australia’s future

 As we honour the fallen, we must contemplate how to avoid repeating war’s horrors in Pacific countries

 An Australian War Memorial sponsored by weapons dealers is no place for quiet reflection on Anzac Day

 Thinking big helped Australia solve a housing crisis in the 1940s. We can do it again

 Trans participation in sport is happening now – not only is it a non-issue, it makes clubs better

 Refugee children want a future in Australia. So why are they excluded from universities?

 These climate scientists are full of extremely dangerous ideas – and now they’re targeting banks

Greg Jericho

 In Australia’s election campaign the silence on climate is deafening

Brigid Delaney

The grand world of tiny things: ‘Whatever you’ve got in big, you can make in little’

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 Today’s ‘woman’ is supposed to people-please yet also be an empowered ‘girlboss’ – why?

Ranjana Srivastava

 This healthcare practice robs many seniors of vitality and life in their twilight years

Paul Daley

 An Australian War Memorial sponsored by weapons dealers is no place for quiet reflection on Anzac Day

Katharine Murphy

Anzac Day commemorated; ABC reviewing presenter’s social media activity – as it happened

Peter Lewis

 Scott Morrison’s low standing with female voters could cost him the election

Jeff Sparrow

 Rightwing media no longer wield power as they once did. So why is Labor letting them set the election agenda?

 Is this the worst but also most important federal election in like forever?

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

 Passive-aggressive notes are a staple of office life – Jacob Rees-Mogg has shown Westminster is no different

 Macron wants to turn Europe into a global giant. But he can’t do it alone

 Working 9-5 doesn’t mean being chained to a desk. Someone tell Jacob Rees-Mogg

 To back or to sack? The Tory party is in disarray over Boris Johnson

 Has Westminster faced its #MeToo reckoning? Ask Angela Rayner

 Seven tired old tropes politicians wheel out in place of a vision for Australia’s future

 I’ve dealt with Putin before: I know what it will take to defeat this brutal despot

 Thinking big helped Australia solve a housing crisis in the 1940s. We can do it again

 Everything I thought before the birth of my son now feels naive and misinformed

 My party outfit was so fancy I couldn’t even use the toilet. Some joker still told me I looked ‘comfy’

 Don’t call them anti-vaxxers – that just further erodes people’s trust

 The French left’s ‘ouf!’ of relief masks the truth: this was no victory for Macron

 Ukraine has taught us all a lesson in moral courage

 Macron wants to turn Europe into a global giant. But he can’t do it alone

 Passive-aggressive notes are a staple of office life – Jacob Rees-Mogg has shown Westminster is no different


    
    
 Large fires break out at Russian oil depots

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: about 15,000 Russian troops killed since start of invasion, says UK; US ‘wants to see Russia weakened’ – live


    
    
 Trump disinfectant claim ‘a tragedy on many levels’, ex-Covid adviser Birx says


    
    
 Sweden and Finland agree to submit Nato applications, say reports


    
    
 Elon Musk, world’s richest man, reaches deal to buy Twitter for $44bn


    
    
 Texas death row prisoner Melissa Lucio granted stay of execution


    
    
 Johnny Depp warns Amber Heard of violence in recording played in court


    
    
 Pentagon chief’s Russia remarks show shift in US’s declared aims in Ukraine


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 The awful truth is dawning: Putin may win in Ukraine. The result would be catastrophe


    
    
 Evidence some Ukrainian women raped before being killed, say doctors