 ‘We’ve earned better than this’: voters give their verdict on the Australian election

 What will it be like (or what WOULD IT HAVE BEEN LIKE) under an Albo government?!

 LinkedIn is a place full of polite people being nice to you - so why am I drawn to the war zone that is Twitter?

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 A forgotten story of the election is First Nations voices are often excluded from the conversation

 What makes a great political speech? Let’s talk about oratory, my fellow citizens

 Australian wages in real terms are essentially no different from where they were in 2013

Greg Jericho

 Australian wages in real terms are essentially no different from where they were in 2013

Brigid Delaney

Anthony Albanese claims election victory over Scott Morrison in 2022 federal election – as it happened

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 What makes a great political speech? Let’s talk about oratory, my fellow citizens

Katharine Murphy

After a wild ride, Labor wins historic 2022 federal election

Peter Lewis

 ‘Second miracle’ or historic win from opposition? No one knows how this election journey will end

Jeff Sparrow

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 How to preference your ballot so you VOTE SCOTT OUT!

 Laura Tingle laments ‘stupid and depressing’ election campaign as Morrison dodges ABC debate

 Reconciliation action plans can bring meaningful accountability to corporate Australia

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 The audience chuckled at George W Bush’s Iraq-Ukraine gaffe. I’m not laughing

 Once Carrie was forever in the public eye. Well done her if she’s tiring of consort role

 As a psychologist helping Ukrainians, I am a witness to the terrible traumas of war

 Trump isn’t out there with a gun, but he’s enabled this war against black people

 Like Deborah James, I confronted cancer wearing a great outfit and high heels

 Crypto is starting to lose its cool – just look at El Salvador

 The audience chuckled at George W Bush’s Iraq-Ukraine gaffe. I’m not laughing

Boris Johnson, dancing queen – cartoon

 Conservatives want to make the US more like Hungary. A terrifying thought

 Trump isn’t out there with a gun, but he’s enabled this war against black people

 Taylor Swift: inspiring students about the importance of being earnest

Martin Rowson on Partygate and No 10 restructuring – cartoon

 ‘We’ve earned better than this’: voters give their verdict on the Australian election

 What will it be like (or what WOULD IT HAVE BEEN LIKE) under an Albo government?!

 As a psychologist helping Ukrainians, I am a witness to the terrible traumas of war


    
    
 Australian election 2022: Anthony Albanese ‘humbled’ to be next PM as voters abandon Coalition

Live


    
    
 Ukraine war: Russia bans 963 Americans from country; Finland holds talks with Turkey over Nato bid – live


    
    
 Cosmopolitan no more: Russians feel sting of cultural and economic rift


    
    
 ‘Extremely active’ jumping worms that can leap a foot raise alarm in California


    
    
 Monkeypox outbreak: WHO working on sexual contact theory, top adviser says


    
    
 Australia election: conservative government voted out after nearly a decade


    
    
 Putin ‘had to keep explaining things to Trump’, ex-White House aide says


    
    
 Move over Johnny Depp as his lawyer Camille Vasquez gets her own fanbase


    
    
 Trump shares CPAC Hungary platform with notorious racist and antisemite


    
    
 Putin’s daughter flew to Munich ‘more than 50 times’ in two years, leaks reveal