 On my driving test panic hit me like a slap. Which way was left?

 More interest rate hikes are coming, and housing affordability is about to get crunched

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 Here’s how to make Prime Minister Scott’s classic no-cook chicken Korma

 The election is a fight of who is disliked the least – there is a clear and growing destabilisation in our politics

 When will we talk about housing affordability for Australians who can’t get on the property ladder?

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

Greg Jericho

 More interest rate hikes are coming, and housing affordability is about to get crunched

Brigid Delaney

 On my driving test panic hit me like a slap. Which way was left?

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Doctor, can I drink water?’ – why the simplest of questions can be the most upsetting

Paul Daley

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

Katharine Murphy

Anthony Albanese bemoans campaign focus on ‘soundbites rather than values’ after forgetting NDIS detail

Peter Lewis

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

Jeff Sparrow

 Rightwing media no longer wield power as they once did. So why is Labor letting them set the election agenda?

 Housing in Australia is a cruel disaster and getting worse!

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

The Guardian view on what follows Roe v Wade: it doesn’t stop here

 If Johnson’s Rwanda plan for asylum seekers is legal, why is he afraid to defend it in court?

 Boris Johnson rose on promises of a glorious future. Now all he has left is a painful present

 ‘Medical tourists’ are travelling the world in search of the elixir of life

 The Ohio primary shows that Trump still has a tight hold on the Republican party

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 Ukraine is already winning: victory can be achieved without risking nuclear war

The Guardian view on what follows Roe v Wade: it doesn’t stop here

 On my driving test panic hit me like a slap. Which way was left?

 After victory in the US, now the far right is coming for abortion laws in Europe

 Boris Johnson rose on promises of a glorious future. Now all he has left is a painful present

Steve Bell on how more countries may join Nato – cartoon

 The language of maternity is alive and well – so why not expand it to include trans parents?

 ‘Medical tourists’ are travelling the world in search of the elixir of life

The Guardian view on banning Russian oil: defunding Putin’s war machine


    
    
 Louisiana Republicans advance bill to make abortion a crime of murder

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: Israel says Putin apologised for Lavrov’s Hitler comments; fresh attempt to evacuate Azovstal civilians – live


    
    
 Treatment for finger-bending disease may be ‘gamechanger’


    
    
 Schumer announces Senate abortion rights vote: ‘America will be watching’ – as it happened


    
    
 Eintracht Frankfurt 1-0 West Ham (agg 3-1): Europa League semi-final, second leg – as it happened


    
    
 Johnny Depp’s entourage enabled drug and alcohol use, Amber Heard testifies


    
    
 Japanese premier warns of Ukraine-style invasion by ‘autocratic powers’


    
    
 US intelligence helping Ukraine kill Russian generals, report says


    
    
 Abortion deserts: America’s new geography of access to care – mapped


    
    
 The jobless Americans chasing the dream of ‘passive income’