 It’s time we heard the voices of the disenfranchised we don’t hear on the ABC

 Aidan felt safe at choir, changed by the communal act of sharing his voice – then he was diagnosed with cancer

 Feeling constantly unwell made me feel weak and pathetic. A diagnosis was life-changing

 Heavy-handed approach to aid has disenchanted Pacific Island nations and compromised Australia’s security

 The amazing thing about the 2022 budget? How clearly it reveals the government’s death throes

 How good is being prime minister? It’s one of the main themes of the budget, along with making climate change worse

 Here in Byron Bay we survived last month’s flooding – but this is something else

Greg Jericho

 The amazing thing about the 2022 budget? How clearly it reveals the government’s death throes

Brigid Delaney

Letting go: the decluttering obsession moves into the mind

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As his ‘fauxgan’ act wears thin, desperation is driving Scott Morrison deeper into the dress-up box

Ranjana Srivastava

 Why is it judged an indulgence when doctors help the disadvantaged?

Paul Daley

Chelsea Watego on sovereignty, survival and self-determination in the colony

Katharine Murphy

‘A tumultuous period’: Josh Frydenberg on being treasurer during Covid and the 2022 election

Peter Lewis

 The floods seamlessly tied together all of Scott Morrison’s biggest failures into one giant catastrophe

Jeff Sparrow

 Is battling back-to-back disasters distracting us from fighting the climate crisis?

 Honk! The weird plains-wanderer runs and hides again

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

 Australia’s history of massacres should be no surprise, but many have to be dragged to the truth

 Reporting on Indigenous issues is still woeful but we will keep making noise and keep showing up

 Lismore residents’ flood response was a DIY model of emergency management

Martin Rowson: a cold day in hell – cartoon

The Guardian view on Ethiopia’s war: a glimpse of hope

The Guardian view on museums and communities: shaping the future

 As a lesbian woman, I was subjected to conversion practices. We must protect trans people against this abuse

 Dictators like Putin surround themselves with liars and propaganda. That leads to very bad decisions

 A youthquake against Putin is unlikely. The history of Soviet hippies shows why

 Lismore residents’ flood response was a DIY model of emergency management

 As a lesbian woman, I was subjected to conversion practices. We must protect trans people against this abuse

 Only total military failure will curb Putin’s ambitions in Ukraine

 Why does it make me uneasy when straight women write TV shows about lesbians?

 Boris Johnson wants you to forget Partygate. Don’t let him get away with it

Martin Rowson: a cold day in hell – cartoon

 Betraying old friends, making new enemies: the Tories have lost the plot

Steve Bell on Vladimir Putin and Nato – cartoon


    
    
 Delta Air Lines plane forced to land after windshield shatters mid-air


    
    
 Buses rescue 2,000 Mariupol refugees but Russia blocking aid, says Ukraine

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war latest: Kyiv says Ukraine not behind attack on Russian oil depot; exchange of captured troops reported – live


    
    
 Biden press secretary Jen Psaki to become TV host at MSNBC, reports say


    
    
 Bruce Willis’s ‘worst performance’ award from Razzies show revoked after diagnosis


    
    
 Jared Kushner ‘voluntarily’ gives Capitol attack panel information in testimony


    
    
 Trump may face day in court thanks to lawsuit from reggae singer Eddy Grant


    
    
 Sean Penn calls for billionaire to step up and buy aircraft for Ukraine


    
    
 What next for Will Smith after Oscars slap? Hollywood divided over the star’s future


    
    
 US ends Trump-era policy of blocking asylum seekers on Covid grounds – live