 Anthony Albanese has some tough economic problems on his plate. Here are seven of them

 Self-reflection is usually for leftists and the weak but we need to find out who to blame for the election

 Dutton’s campaign to sue detractors failed to factor in vagaries of defamation law

 Australia can swiftly end the climate wars and become a renewable superpower. Here’s how

 After the election I feel something new, a tiny brightness between hope and relief

 As we reclaim the stage for Indigenous storytellers, we have a question for colonisers

 Cleo’s world was darkened by depression. Reconnecting brought back some colour

Greg Jericho

 Anthony Albanese has some tough economic problems on his plate. Here are seven of them

Brigid Delaney

Albanese claims victory over Morrison – as it happened

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 What makes a great political speech? Let’s talk about oratory, my fellow citizens

Katharine Murphy

Australia ‘louder than we should have been’ in criticising China, former Asio chief says

Peter Lewis

 ‘Second miracle’ or historic win from opposition? No one knows how this election journey will end

Jeff Sparrow

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 Is it really true? Surely there is a false dawn! Are they really gone? Prime minister Albo!

 Australians woke up to Scott Morrison and didn’t just move the goalposts – they dragged them off the paddock

 Laura Tingle laments ‘stupid and depressing’ election campaign as Morrison dodges ABC debate

 A forgotten story of the election is First Nations voices are often excluded from the conversation

 Reconciliation action plans can bring meaningful accountability to corporate Australia

The Guardian view on the Gray report: a diagnosis of sick government

 Welcome to another episode of the Boris Johnson show: the most tedious box set in history

The Guardian view on US gun violence: another desperate day

 A bucketload of whitewash: Sue Gray’s report shows consequences are for the little people

 Since my mother’s death the spring flowers she loved bring me joy – but pierce my heart

 Monkeypox isn’t the disease we should be worried about

 Self-reflection is usually for leftists and the weak but we need to find out who to blame for the election

 A bucketload of whitewash: Sue Gray’s report shows consequences are for the little people

 Banning abortions is just the start – next the US right want to outlaw contraception

 Biden is sending dangerous messages about Taiwan to China. The US should tread with care

 Tuesday’s Republican primaries did not go as Trump had hoped

 How bad is the Sue Gray report for Boris Johnson? – our panel’s verdict

Martin Rowson on Johnson’s reaction to Gray report – cartoon

 Shootings aren’t a sign America is ‘broken’. It’s working exactly as intended

The Guardian view on US gun violence: another desperate day


    
    
 ‘He was just a loving little boy’: the victims of the Texas school shooting

Live


    
    
 Texas school shooting: gunman posted plans on Facebook prior to attack – latest updates


    
    
 Blow to Madison Cawthorn as appeals court reverses ‘insurrectionist’ ruling

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: Nato ‘doing literally nothing’ to stop Russia, says Kyiv – live


    
    
 Amazon shareholders reject 15 motions on worker rights and environment


    
    
 Kate Moss testifies that Johnny Depp did not push her down stairs


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Shootings aren’t a sign America is ‘broken’. It’s working exactly as intended


    
    
 ‘He’s sabotaged his entire life for greed’: the $86m rise and fall of Inigo Philbrick 


    
    
 Why can’t America do anything to stop mass shootings?


    
    
 ‘This is on you’: Beto O’Rourke confronts Texas governor over mass shooting