 After losing our family dogs, we couldn’t bear more grief. Then Covid brought puppy love back into our lives

 On jobseeker, I often just had one meal a day. Now I am worried I’ll need to get used to that again

 The horribly twee adventures of Commander Toto – Space Cavoodle

 Anti-protest laws are an affront to democracy. They have no place in Australia

 If Australia wants a reliable and affordable electricity grid, it needs to return it to public hands

 Qualified Afghan refugees are being denied a shot at harnessing their skills. Australia needs to recognise their worth

 Living with universal childcare has shown me Australia’s system is neither a luxury nor a right – it’s a last resort

Greg Jericho

 Workers and their wages are the collateral damage of the war on inflation

Brigid Delaney

 Every aspect of travelling is chaos right now – is this the new normal?

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 Red-carpet criticisms of Queensland’s premier reveal – yet again – a gender double standard

Ranjana Srivastava

 As my son turns 16, I thank the universe his fraught birth is only a memory

Paul Daley

 Should the circumnavigation of Australia be marked as foundation day? Ted Egan thinks so

Katharine Murphy

Sussan Ley backs Peter Dutton’s decision to oppose emissions legislation but signals future room for change

Peter Lewis

 Albanese has a once-in-a-generation opportunity to restore civility to Australian politics

Jeff Sparrow

 The climate crisis is hitting the planet’s working classes the hardest and they know it

 Someone has to hold the government accountable (unless it is too soon). Introducing: ALBO WATCH

 Blak MPs give First Nations women hope we might be listened to

 Thirty years after Mabo, First Nations people are on the verge of true self-determination. We hope not to be disappointed

 Thirty years on, the Uluru Statement from the Heart campaign can draw inspiration from Mabo

 Australia needs to decolonise its mental health system and empower more Indigenous psychologists

The Guardian view on digital exclusion: online must not be the only option

The Guardian view on Colombia’s election: a chance for a change

 New York magazine’s ‘Canceled at 17’ isn’t just an article – it’s ammunition

 Union boss Mick Lynch is a media star – and Labour has much to learn about why

 Look around, the Great Conservative Experiment has failed in the UK

 Every aspect of travelling is chaos right now – is this the new normal?

 Putin is not yet ready to end the Ukraine war. When he is, we must be prepared

 After losing our family dogs, we couldn’t bear more grief. Then Covid brought puppy love back into our lives

 Why Gary Lineker was right to speak out about receiving racist abuse

 My generation is obsessed with the cult of wellness – but all that striving to be your best self can be dangerous

 The war in Ukraine has entered a new, and more difficult, phase

 Monkeypox shows that if we can’t talk openly about sex and disease, bigots will

 Anti-protest laws are an affront to democracy. They have no place in Australia

 New York magazine’s ‘Canceled at 17’ isn’t just an article – it’s ammunition

 On jobseeker, I often just had one meal a day. Now I am worried I’ll need to get used to that again


    
    
 Dramatic rescue at world championships after swimmer faints and sinks to bottom of pool 


    
    
 US supreme court overturns New York handgun law in bitter blow to gun-control push


    
    
 Fright club: Brad Pitt’s GQ photoshoot is an embarrassment of pictures


    
    
 Portly python: heaviest-ever snake captured in Florida tips scales at 215lbs 


    
    
 Food additive or carcinogen? The growing list of chemicals banned by EU but used in US


    
    
 Capitol attack panel details Trump’s pressure on DoJ to support fraud claims


    
    
 Man arrested 30 times for bus and train thefts just wants to work on the subway


    
    
 Russian navy ordered to lay mines at Ukraine’s Black Sea ports, says US

Live


    
    
 January 6 hearings outlined ‘inner workings of political coup in service of Trump’, panel chair says – live


    
    
 Scientists discover world’s largest bacterium, the size of an eyelash