 Far from having a leftwing bias, the ABC has been tamed by cuts and incessant attacks

 Australians with disabilities don’t care about gotcha moments. We need a PM willing to fix the NDIS

 The whole wretched election campaign: The debates! The gotchas! The raw chicken!

 What do you do with books you don’t want any more?

 When you’re childless not by choice, Mother’s Day can be a painful reminder of profound loss

 Seven downsides to Australia’s dangerous property obsession

 Reconciliation action plans can bring meaningful accountability to corporate Australia

Greg Jericho

 More interest rate hikes are coming, and housing affordability is about to get crunched

Brigid Delaney

Has the interest rate rise broken Australia’s housing market fever?

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Doctor, can I drink water?’ – why the simplest of questions can be the most upsetting

Paul Daley

 How to Make Gravy is already a movie that plays in our heads. That’s its brilliance

Katharine Murphy

United Australia party directs preferences to Coalition in key marginal seats

Peter Lewis

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

Jeff Sparrow

 Rightwing media no longer wield power as they once did. So why is Labor letting them set the election agenda?

 You need to get ready for your ELECTION NIGHT PARTY! (Everyone is always disappointed eventually)

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Starmer gambled Labour’s fortunes on his integrity – no wonder he’s in deep trouble

 Why Ncuti Gatwa is an inspired choice for Doctor Who fans

 Ncuti Gatwa will make Doctor Who new and exciting again – just like Jodie Whittaker did

 You say Partygate, I say Beergate – let’s call the whole thing off

 We must fight powerful bullies, whether they are Putin, Trump, or tech billionaires

 Far from having a leftwing bias, the ABC has been tamed by cuts and incessant attacks

 Putin may have high ratings – but Russians are terrified too

 I thought I had seen the worst of online abuse – then I posted about my dog

 The whole wretched election campaign: The debates! The gotchas! The raw chicken!

 Australians with disabilities don’t care about gotcha moments. We need a PM willing to fix the NDIS

 Starmer gambled Labour’s fortunes on his integrity – no wonder he’s in deep trouble

Steve Bell on Putin’s Victory Day celebrations – cartoon

 What do you do with books you don’t want any more?

 We must fight powerful bullies, whether they are Putin, Trump, or tech billionaires

 Why Ncuti Gatwa is an inspired choice for Doctor Who fans

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: Russia trying to storm Azovstal plant, says Ukraine; European council president caught up in Odesa shelling – live


    
    
 ‘Paranoid dictator’: Russian journalists fill pro-Kremlin site with anti-war articles


    
    
 Jethro Lazenby, son of Nick Cave, dies aged 31


    
    
 Russian ambassador to Poland pelted with red paint at VE Day gathering


    
    
 ‘People took so many drugs, they forgot they played on it’ – stars on Exile on Main St, the Rolling Stones’ sprawling masterpiece


    
    
 ‘It’s a nightmare’: baby formula shortage leaves US parents desperate


    
    
 New York Times drops ‘fetus’ as an answer to Wordle – but not for all players


    
    
 Ferdinand Marcos triumphs in Philippines presidential election


    
    
 Trump attacks ‘weak’ Mark Esper after ‘missiles into Mexico’ memoir claim


    
    
 Nikola Jokic to join Jordan and Kareem with second-straight NBA MVP award