 The ‘Omicron wave’ was the catastrophic dumper that closed our Sunshine Coast restaurant forever

 Poor people don’t need more food banks, rebates and spin from politicians. We need more income support

 Trust is key to the Omicron response. Australia can still get back on track

 There’s no easy way to make new friends as an adult – and sometimes our friendships can feel like a chore

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 Mortgage growth falls from nutty highs but new homebuyers are still feeling the pain

 Perhaps Australia needs ‘lucky’ leaders, because no side has much control over the economy

Greg Jericho

 Mortgage growth falls from nutty highs but new homebuyers are still feeling the pain

Brigid Delaney

 You can’t freak Australians out about Covid for two years then expect that fear to fade overnight

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 Australia is in a Clayton’s Covid lockdown – and an unworn pink dress is haunting me

Ranjana Srivastava

 My bile rises as I’m asked to move my dying cancer patient out of ICU to make room for an unvaccinated man with Covid

Paul Daley

Book It In: Tony Birch on writing true characters in fiction

Katharine Murphy

Revisited: How the women’s safety summit laid bare Morrison’s empathy gap

Peter Lewis

 In 2022 will contented ‘me’-centric Australians feel secure enough to vote for a stronger ‘us’?

Jeff Sparrow

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 A Christmas message from the First Dog on the Moon Institute

 How four men with a beach umbrella made history in the battle for Aboriginal sovereignty

 What is racial invisibility, and how do white people benefit from it?

 To be Murri is to know that even at your loneliest you are never truly alone

 Au revoir for ABC luminaries, while Leunig lays into the Age

 Being loud and female is about more than volume – it’s about being unashamed

 My baby screeches like a banshee and my heart melts. What have I become?

 Dumped fishing gear is killing marine life. Yet no governments seem to care

Ben Jennings on Dominic Cummings throwing Boris Johnson under the bus – cartoon

The Guardian view on China’s baby bust: let people choose

 The ‘Omicron wave’ was the catastrophic dumper that closed our Sunshine Coast restaurant forever

 My baby screeches like a banshee and my heart melts. What have I become?

 How will the great wrecker Boris Johnson break himself out of this bind?

 Poor people don’t need more food banks, rebates and spin from politicians. We need more income support

 Ashling Murphy’s killing has shocked Ireland – but will it change a culture of misogyny?

 Dumped fishing gear is killing marine life. Yet no governments seem to care

 There’s no easy way to make new friends as an adult – and sometimes our friendships can feel like a chore

 Trust is key to the Omicron response. Australia can still get back on track

 Which is more dysfunctional – the US or the UK? I’ve created a Global Embarrassment Index to figure it out

Ben Jennings on Dominic Cummings throwing Boris Johnson under the bus – cartoon


    
    
 First aid shipments leave for Tonga, amid fears aid workers could bring ‘tsunami of Covid’


    
    
 Fox News host Laura Ingraham’s glee at general’s Covid diagnosis sparks outrage


    
    
 Cheer coach Monica Aldama: ‘The allegations were shocking and devastating for all of us’


    
    
 Ben Roethlisberger was easy to admire as a quarterback, but not as a man


    
    
 Ghislaine, Prince Andrew and the Paedophile review – a grisly story of sexual abuse and royal palaces


    
    
 Donald Trump’s former attorney general William Barr to publish his memoirs


    
    
 Italian police arrest alleged Black Axe Nigerian mafia members over trafficking


    
    
 New York and other north-eastern US states see a rapid fall in Covid cases


    
    
 ‘Nocebo effect’: two-thirds of Covid jab reactions not caused by vaccine, study suggests


    
    
 Millionaires call on governments worldwide to ‘tax us now’ 