 ‘It itched. It hurt. I screamed’: all amputees have their own story – this is mine

 Remember the time Comrade Albo talked to actual communists!? Of course you don’t but we found it

 I was stuck overseas when my mum died. The reopening of international borders is bittersweet for Australians like me

 The hundreds who’ve died this year in Australia nursing homes deserve justice at the election

 Morrison and Dutton should beware; the sword they wield against Labor on China is double-edged

 Alexander Downer is the wrong choice to review the UK’s border force – Australia’s record is nothing to emulate

 The day Roy the old border collie fell in the dam – WE ALMOST DIED BUT WE DIDN’T!

Greg Jericho

 Interest rate rises will drive Australia’s election campaign – and may come bang in the middle of it

Brigid Delaney

 Colleagues aren’t celebrated much in the annals of friendship – but I’ve really missed mine

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 The global ‘freedom movement’ is a carnival of crank and conspiracy – and very dangerous

Ranjana Srivastava

 Bit by bit, dementia made him slip away. The beginning of the end came when he got lost in the city

Paul Daley

 Bunbury, WA – just one of Australia’s many places named after the killers of Indigenous people

Katharine Murphy

Australia news live updates: Marise Payne says Russia has violated international law; NSW trains on reduced services amid dispute

Peter Lewis

 One year on from Australia’s showdown with Facebook over the news media code, there’s still a lot we don’t know

Jeff Sparrow

 The hundreds who’ve died this year in Australia nursing homes deserve justice at the election

 Society is collapsing! Is it possible Grace Tame was once exposed to secondhand pot fumes?

 Cultural birthing practices are what Indigenous women need, it’s time we invested

 Government still fighting high court battle for power to deport Indigenous Australians from their own country

 We know ‘the system’ has long failed Aboriginal people – so why not cyberpunk it?

 Each year the Invasion Day cry gets louder. Each year we add names to the list of our dead

The Guardian view on unaffordable homes: building injustice into the economy

 Johnson’s decision is political, but it’s right to end Covid restrictions in England

 We’re back arguing about fur and foie gras – I feel like I’m 14 again

Credit Suisse has allowed the morally bankrupt to steal from the poor for too long

 The case of the Coventry bin-lorry drivers’ strike should raise a red flag for Labour

 Remember the time Comrade Albo talked to actual communists!? Of course you don’t but we found it

 ‘It itched. It hurt. I screamed’: all amputees have their own story – this is mine

 Scared to be ‘woke’? It’s time for progressives to take a stand in the culture wars

 Is it still possible to avoid a major war in Europe?

Credit Suisse has allowed the morally bankrupt to steal from the poor for too long

 Leave Putin in no doubt: Russia will be economically crippled – and he may be tried for war crimes

 Joe Biden has the weight of the world on his shoulders

 I was stuck overseas when my mum died. The reopening of international borders is bittersweet for Australians like me

 The Covid treatment pill is here – and big pharma will ultimately decide who gets it

 The case of the Coventry bin-lorry drivers’ strike should raise a red flag for Labour

Live


    
    
 Ukraine crisis live: Putin rails against Kyiv and Nato in televised address


    
    
 ‘This should terrify the nation’: the Trump ally seeking to run Arizona’s elections


    
    
 Donald Trump’s social media app launches on Apple store


    
    
 Kurdish transgender woman shot by brother had been hiding from family


    
    
 Native American tribes sue North Dakota over ‘sickening’ gerrymandering


    
    
 Ukraine: Putin recognises Donetsk and Luhansk as independent states


    
    
 What does Russian recognition of breakaway Ukraine regions mean?


    
    
 Bernie Madoff’s sister and her husband found dead in apparent murder-suicide


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Leave Putin in no doubt: Russia will be economically crippled – and he may be tried for war crimes


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Kamila Valieva horror show proves the price of Olympic gold is too high