 I never thought I could face arrest and imprisonment campaigning for climate action

 It’s winter at our Tasmanian insta-farmlet where we have just four minutes of direct sunlight a week

 John Barilaro’s New York trade job may be completely above board, but it needs scrutiny

 Every aspect of travelling is chaos right now – is this the new normal?

 After losing our family dogs, we couldn’t bear more grief. Then Covid brought puppy love back into our lives

 On jobseeker, I often just had one meal a day. Now I am worried I’ll need to get used to that again

 If Australia wants a reliable and affordable electricity grid, it needs to return it to public hands

Greg Jericho

 Workers and their wages are the collateral damage of the war on inflation

Brigid Delaney

 Every aspect of travelling is chaos right now – is this the new normal?

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 Red-carpet criticisms of Queensland’s premier reveal – yet again – a gender double standard

Ranjana Srivastava

 As my son turns 16, I thank the universe his fraught birth is only a memory

Paul Daley

 Should the circumnavigation of Australia be marked as foundation day? Ted Egan thinks so

Katharine Murphy

 Australian voters have sent Peter Dutton a clear message; he would be silly to miss the cue

Peter Lewis

 Albanese has a once-in-a-generation opportunity to restore civility to Australian politics

Jeff Sparrow

 The climate crisis is hitting the planet’s working classes the hardest and they know it

 The horribly twee adventures of Commander Toto – Space Cavoodle

 Blak MPs give First Nations women hope we might be listened to

 Thirty years after Mabo, First Nations people are on the verge of true self-determination. We hope not to be disappointed

 Thirty years on, the Uluru Statement from the Heart campaign can draw inspiration from Mabo

 Australia needs to decolonise its mental health system and empower more Indigenous psychologists

 Reality is closing in on Boris Johnson, a narcissist scared of what he has unleashed

Infamy! Infamy! Carry on Boris – cartoon

 Chris Evans may need to rein in TFI Friday reboot

 How TikTok is turning a generation of video addicts into a data goldmine

 Philip Larkin’s profound and beautiful poetry sent me back to the classroom

 It’s time to say it: the US supreme court has become an illegitimate institution

 Murdoch’s divorce will leave a hole in his life. Could a new prime minister fill it?

 ‘Don’t worry!’ ‘He’ll be right’: Why do we say all the wrong things to parents of children with a disability?

 Abortion ruling highlights the war against women in America. Time to fight back

 How TikTok is turning a generation of video addicts into a data goldmine

Infamy! Infamy! Carry on Boris – cartoon

 Here is what the Liberal party could learn from the Conservatives under David Cameron

Double defeat points to unwinding of Conservative Brexit coalition

 Stab-in-the-back: the nasty old myth that Brexiters are exploiting to explain away the disaster

 Reality is closing in on Boris Johnson, a narcissist scared of what he has unleashed


    
    
 Roe v Wade: senators say Trump supreme court nominees misled them


    
    
 Trump feeling fallout of Capitol attack hearings as allies abandon ship


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 It’s time to say it: the US supreme court has become an illegitimate institution


    
    
 Ecuador at standstill after two weeks of protests over cost of living crisis


    
    
 ‘It keeps on going’: driving the world’s first production-ready solar car


    
    
 ‘What have we done?’: six years on, UK counts the cost of Brexit


    
    
 Tom Hanks: the all-American good guy who stopped playing it safe


    
    
 Charles tells Commonwealth leaders dropping Queen is ‘for each to decide’


    
    
 Abortion banned in multiple US states just hours after Roe v Wade overturned


    
    
 Greta Thunberg makes surprise appearance at Glastonbury festival