 A generation of children increasingly think gambling is inextricably linked with the AFL

 Canberra’s tired old script has led to a less democratic Solomon Islands and a less secure Australia

 Is it better to vape than smoke? Definitely, but it’s still worse than quitting entirely

 There’s more privacy out of the city. For a stickybeak like me, that’s a disaster

 Australia needs a seventh state so north Queensland gets its fair share

 Religious groups that follow Jesus must push to end the exploitation of others for power and profit

 Scott Morrison refuses to budge on a federal Icac. But the dam of reality will have to burst

Greg Jericho

 It’s more important to know the impact of your policies than to know economic figures off-hand

Brigid Delaney

The grand world of tiny things: ‘Whatever you’ve got in big, you can make in little’

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 Today’s ‘woman’ is supposed to people-please yet also be an empowered ‘girlboss’ – why?

Ranjana Srivastava

 This healthcare practice robs many seniors of vitality and life in their twilight years

Paul Daley

‘I am Bob. Just Bob’: could a Wollongong folk hero have had a Nazi past?

Katharine Murphy

Bass and Braddon in the balance as Tasmanian voters excoriate Scott Morrison

Peter Lewis

 Anthony Albanese is taking the weight of Scott Morrison’s shortcomings and deploying these against him

Jeff Sparrow

 Is battling back-to-back disasters distracting us from fighting the climate crisis?

 Thank goodness it’s time for another episode of ‘nothing terrible happens’

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 As tuberculosis resurges in the Asia Pacific, what lessons from Covid can save Australia?

 Police interactions with Aboriginal people are scarred by Australia’s violent frontier history

 Australia’s history of massacres should be no surprise, but many have to be dragged to the truth

Rebecca Hendin on Boris Johnson distracting from Partygate – cartoon

 I have looked after thousands of dying people in aged care. I’ve seen and heard things you cannot imagine

The Guardian view on charities and poverty: running on empty

The Guardian view on chasing the French youth vote: millennial discontents won’t go away

 The Rwanda plan for refugees is shocking, but we don’t need to bring God into it

 I have looked after thousands of dying people in aged care. I’ve seen and heard things you cannot imagine

 Ultra-fast fashion is taking over – and using every trick in the book to get us addicted

 Why did CBS News hire Mick Mulvaney?

 Whether you’re ‘childless’ or ‘childfree’, you shouldn’t have to talk about it

 Canberra’s tired old script has led to a less democratic Solomon Islands and a less secure Australia

 Is Jacob Rees-Mogg really a better Christian than the archbishop of Canterbury?

Rebecca Hendin on Boris Johnson distracting from Partygate – cartoon

 Why Brexit Britain is turning purple with shame

 Nato should talk less and do more, or Ukraine will be torn apart, bit by bit

 Offshoring in Rwanda isn’t a ‘dead cat’ to distract from Partygate, it’s just plain inhumane

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: the ‘battle for Donbas has begun’, says Zelenskiy; seven killed in strikes on Lviv – live


    
    
 Film and photos show Russian cruiser Moskva probably hit by missiles


    
    
 Cristiano Ronaldo and Georgina Rodríguez announce death of baby son


    
    
 ‘We need answers’: relatives seek Moskva warship’s missing crew


    
    
 Exhibition of Pompeii’s sex scenes aims to decode erotica


    
    
 What’s wrong with this picture? When movie photographs go awry


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Tucker Carlson’s answer to masculinity’s supposed crisis? ‘Testicle tanning’


    
    
 Coachella: high-energy hedonism, surprise stars and Covid concerns


    
    
 Macron lead over Le Pen stabilises as election scrutiny intensifies


    
    
 Hip-hop pioneer DJ Kay Slay dies of Covid aged 55