 Cognitive behavioural therapy for freaks: a cartoon

 As the election draws closer, Scott Morrison is caught in a Covid dilemma of his own making

 Because of the naive ‘Covid zero’ message many Australians can’t come to terms with catching Covid

 Novak Djokovic has become the whipping boy for Australia’s Covid fear and frustration

 What is racial invisibility, and how do white people benefit from it?

 As the election nears, get ready for a lot of talk about how strong Australia’s economy is

 The Coalition’s ‘hands-off’ approach to aged care Covid outbreaks is having heartbreaking consequences

Greg Jericho

 As the election nears, get ready for a lot of talk about how strong Australia’s economy is

Brigid Delaney

‘The only place like it in the world’: why the Nicholas Building is the creative heart of Melbourne

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 Ash Barty’s nice engagement to a nice man may signal a refreshing change

Ranjana Srivastava

 My heart catches when I see my children care for Odie – the puppy I resisted for so long

Paul Daley

Book It In: Tony Birch on writing true characters in fiction

Katharine Murphy

Unfinished business: eight things on Scott Morrison’s to-do list as election nears

Peter Lewis

 In 2022 will contented ‘me’-centric Australians feel secure enough to vote for a stronger ‘us’?

Jeff Sparrow

 Covid will not be our last global health crisis – we need a long-term plan

 A Christmas message from the First Dog on the Moon Institute

 To be Murri is to know that even at your loneliest you are never truly alone

 Au revoir for ABC luminaries, while Leunig lays into the Age

 Why you should #BuyBlak this Christmas – and all year round

 I write while my children steal cars and rob houses: the awful human cost of racist stereotypes

Ben Jennings on the No 10 ‘bring your own booze’ lockdown party – cartoon

The Guardian view on Boris Johnson and the Downing Street parties: a price must be paid

The Guardian view on Afghanistan: aid is not enough

 Anti-vaxxers are touting another new Covid ‘cure’ – drinking urine. But they are not the only obstacles to ending the pandemic

 The energy crisis is a parable for the failures of Tory Britain

 As the election draws closer, Scott Morrison is caught in a Covid dilemma of his own making

 Want to seem younger? It’s not the bags under your eyes, but way you use your phone that’s the giveaway

 Who’s really leading Britain – Boris Johnson or the crazy-face emoji?

 Anti-vaxxers are touting another new Covid ‘cure’ – drinking urine. But they are not the only obstacles to ending the pandemic

 How to win at Wordle using linguistic theory

 We study ocean temperatures. The Earth just broke a heat increase record

 What is racial invisibility, and how do white people benefit from it?

 My family benefited from slavery. Why can’t we accept white people still owe a huge debt?

 ‘A shambolic mess’: the only example Australia is giving the world now is how not to manage Covid

 Too late now, but ‘let it rip’ might prove tricky for Scott Morrison come election time


    
    
 Covid loses 90% of ability to infect within minutes in air – study


    
    
 Fatal shooting of Black man by off-duty officer sparks protest in North Carolina


    
    
 Capitol attack panel closes in on Trump inner circle with three new subpoenas


    
    
 Hottest ocean temperatures in history recorded last year


    
    
 Voters move to block Trump ally Madison Cawthorn from re-election


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Anti-vaxxers are touting another new Covid ‘cure’ – drinking urine. But they are not the only obstacles to ending the pandemic


    
    
 California could become first US state to offer universal healthcare to residents


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Why is so little known about the 1930s coup attempt against FDR?


    
    
 Biden urges Senate to eliminate filibuster in voting rights pitch: ‘I’m tired of being quiet’ – as it happened


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 My family benefited from slavery. Why can’t we accept white people still owe a huge debt?