 If the only voice I hear for a week is Joe Rogan’s, what sort of person will I become?

 I grew up in a Christian school – and the religious discrimination bill must be scrapped to protect our children

 Being able to hire workers is an enormous privilege – abuse it and lose it

 Australia’s 4% unemployment in isolation hides what’s really going on in the labour market

 Young trans people around Australia are seeing the news and hearing that they are not worthy of protection

 Bit by bit, dementia made him slip away. The beginning of the end came when he got lost in the city

 Australian women are in a state of rage. They have to be taken seriously

Greg Jericho

 Australia’s 4% unemployment in isolation hides what’s really going on in the labour market

Brigid Delaney

 If the only voice I hear for a week is Joe Rogan’s, what sort of person will I become?

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 A prime minister who lives by the photo op dies by the photo op – and Grace Tame owes Scott Morrison nothing

Ranjana Srivastava

 Bit by bit, dementia made him slip away. The beginning of the end came when he got lost in the city

Paul Daley

 Scott Morrison’s cliched myths about Australian resilience won’t drown out the national cry of anguish

Katharine Murphy

 It began with a pre-dawn insurrection on religious discrimination and it got worse for Scott Morrison

Peter Lewis

An increasingly tough election for Labor to win

Jeff Sparrow

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 It’s year three, why are we still having Covid feelings? Could it be we have unresolved grief?

 We know ‘the system’ has long failed Aboriginal people – so why not cyberpunk it?

 Each year the Invasion Day cry gets louder. Each year we add names to the list of our dead

 Our people will be mourning on 26 January, but it can still become a day of healing

 How four men with a beach umbrella made history in the battle for Aboriginal sovereignty

 Under my leadership, Labour’s commitment to Nato is unshakable

 The Tinder Swindler reveals the painful truth about women and online dating

 We cannot take democracy for granted – this government’s failings imperil us all

 The supreme court is helping consolidate white political power in America

 Will easy, early abortions become another casualty of the Tories’ culture war?

 If the only voice I hear for a week is Joe Rogan’s, what sort of person will I become?

 The Tinder Swindler reveals the painful truth about women and online dating

 I grew up in a Christian school – and the religious discrimination bill must be scrapped to protect our children

 My nephew was beautiful and courageous. The love and acceptance of his family was not enough

 No amount of ‘reboots’ or reshuffles can hide the truth: Johnson is finished

 Johnson’s Savile slur isn’t the first rightwing conspiracy to go mainstream

 We cannot take democracy for granted – this government’s failings imperil us all

 ‘Tell everyone on this train I love them’: the meaning of a hero’s final words

Ben Jennings on Boris Johnson, the Met and partygate – cartoon

The Guardian view on Jack Reacher: enduring appeal


    
    
 Emma Thompson on living in a woman’s body: my daughter thrums with life, my mother is frail – and I’m balanced between


    
    
 ‘They’ll have to carry me out in a box’: inside the apartments of the luckiest renters


    
    
 ‘Gazpacho police’: Nazi gaffe lands Republican congresswoman in the soup


    
    
 Joe Biden’s mother so disliked England she refused to sleep in bed Queen had slept in


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 ‘Tell everyone on this train I love them’: the meaning of a hero’s final words

Live


    
    
 Liverpool 2-0 Leicester City: Premier League – live reaction!


    
    
 US ‘freedom convoy’ could disrupt Sunday’s Super Bowl, officials warn


    
    
 Scientists discover new planet orbiting nearest star to solar system

Live


    
    
 Wolves 0-1 Arsenal: Premier League – live reaction!


    
    
 Snoop Dogg sued for alleged sexual assault and battery