 Did First Dog on the Moon help Scott Morrison win? And other election quandaries

 Strawmen and slippery slopes: how to spot politicians tinkering with the truth

 You’ll want to vomit, cry, die or sleep forever: what happens when you finish writing your book

 This picture tells the story of a prison that was – and remains – medieval for Aboriginal inmates

 It shouldn’t be such a shock that Anthony Albanese believes the minimum wage should rise with inflation

 So many unreleased ‘secret’ government reports! How much worse could everything be?

 With falling real incomes and rising prices many people don’t believe the story of prosperity Scott Morrison is preaching

Greg Jericho

 It shouldn’t be such a shock that Anthony Albanese believes the minimum wage should rise with inflation

Brigid Delaney

 You’ll want to vomit, cry, die or sleep forever: what happens when you finish writing your book

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 This picture tells the story of a prison that was – and remains – medieval for Aboriginal inmates

Katharine Murphy

 If the metropolitan moderates are wiped out next week, the Liberals must learn the right lesson from defeat

Peter Lewis

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

Jeff Sparrow

 Rightwing media no longer wield power as they once did. So why is Labor letting them set the election agenda?

 The whole wretched election campaign: The debates! The gotchas! The raw chicken!

 Reconciliation action plans can bring meaningful accountability to corporate Australia

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

 Australia isn’t out of the Covid woods yet – when is it going to end?

Martin Rowson: what’s left in the Tories’ box of tricks? – cartoon

The Guardian view on the Conservatives: a party without a project

The Guardian view on Shireen Abu Aqleh: press freedom under attack

 Johnson blames today’s Brexit woes on Brussels – that’s a load of old bull

 Like a phone dropped in the North Sea, Vardy v Rooney is full of absolute gold

 Australia isn’t out of the Covid woods yet – when is it going to end?

 Did First Dog on the Moon help Scott Morrison win? And other election quandaries

 Johnson blames today’s Brexit woes on Brussels – that’s a load of old bull

 Strawmen and slippery slopes: how to spot politicians tinkering with the truth

 As we grieved for Shireen Abu Aqleh, Israeli police attacked us. They have no shame

Steve Bell on Boris Johnson’s security assurance to Sweden and Finland – cartoon

 I’ve lived in Britain 22 years and have kids here – why am I being deported to Jamaica?

 Ending England’s Covid restrictions was divisive – but the data shows we were right

Martin Rowson: what’s left in the Tories’ box of tricks? – cartoon


    
    
 The invisible Ukrainian who walked 225km to safety from Mariupol


    
    
 ‘Lost’ Picasso spotted in Imelda Marcos’s home after son’s election win

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: Zelenskiy ‘ready to speak to Putin’; Russia to cut electricity supply to Finland after Nato decision – live


    
    
 Ukraine has repelled Russia’s attempt to cross Donbas river, UK confirms


    
    
 Cornish pub will not change name despite letter from Vogue owner


    
    
 Erdoğan: Turkey ‘not positive’ about Sweden and Finland joining Nato


    
    
 Veteran actor Fred Ward, star of The Right Stuff and Tremors, dies aged 79


    
    
 ‘They were furious’: the Russian soldiers refusing to fight in Ukraine


    
    
 Joy for environmentalists as California blocks bid for $1.4bn desalination plant


    
    
 ‘I told Jackie Chan, your loss, my bro!’: how Everything Everywhere gave Michelle Yeoh the role of a lifetime