 Josh Frydenberg reckons everyone has billions of dollars saved up. So do your duty and buy stuff!

 NSW businesses need federal leadership to ensure strong economic recovery

 Vets want to help your pet – and you – but death threats aren’t good for anyone’s health

 Political platitudes like ‘we’re in a good place’ won’t fill the cracks in Australia’s economy ahead of the election

 Prime minister, as a refugee I have done everything Australia has asked. Nine years on, why am I still in detention?

 There’s been an exodus from Australia’s cities to the regions. What does that mean for local economies?

 Did I just pay someone to bash me up? The horror of a rough massage

Greg Jericho

 The market thinks rates are about to go up because of inflation. The market could be wrong

Brigid Delaney

 Did I just pay someone to bash me up? The horror of a rough massage

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 A prime minister who lives by the photo op dies by the photo op – and Grace Tame owes Scott Morrison nothing

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Moral distress clings to you’: the mood has changed for health providers – and it’s unsettling

Paul Daley

Book It In: Marion Frith on hope in the aftermath of war

Katharine Murphy

Craig Kelly floats preference offer for Coalition MPs who break ranks in parliament

Peter Lewis

 Slo-Mo’s summer of missteps means Australian politics has ceased to be a game

Jeff Sparrow

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 During a pandemic the healthcare system needs some effort and money YOU ARE THE GOVERNMENT THAT IS YOUR JOB

 Each year the Invasion Day cry gets louder. Each year we add names to the list of our dead

 Our people will be mourning on 26 January, but it can still become a day of healing

 How four men with a beach umbrella made history in the battle for Aboriginal sovereignty

 What is racial invisibility, and how do white people benefit from it?

 The Sue Gray report on No 10 parties: our writers on what should happen next

 Are Tory MPs willing to be taken for fools by Boris Johnson?

 I’m facing up to working alone in the house again – and I don’t like it one bit

 Republicans’ redistricting maps are motivated entirely by race – not politics

 Unlike Putin’s Russia, the west doesn’t know what it wants in eastern Europe

 NSW businesses need federal leadership to ensure strong economic recovery

 ‘Woke’ capitalism is the new villain of the right. It’s also the only way forward

 Josh Frydenberg reckons everyone has billions of dollars saved up. So do your duty and buy stuff!

 Are Tory MPs willing to be taken for fools by Boris Johnson?

 Unlike Putin’s Russia, the west doesn’t know what it wants in eastern Europe

 Vets want to help your pet – and you – but death threats aren’t good for anyone’s health

 Is it weird to sing my kids lullabies? Maybe, but science is clear about the benefits

 Republicans’ redistricting maps are motivated entirely by race – not politics

 Lying didn’t work for Boris Johnson, so now he’s turned to bribery

 The Sue Gray report on No 10 parties: our writers on what should happen next


    
    
 ‘Free to do as you are told’: Florida Republicans advance wave of draconian bills


    
    
 Polar bears move into abandoned Arctic weather station – photo essay


    
    
 Cheslie Kryst, former Miss USA and TV correspondent, dies aged 30


    
    
 ‘What’s going on with me?’ Canadian victims of mystery illness suffer alone


    
    
 Teenager seeks $50k from Elon Musk to delete Twitter bot tracking private jet

Live


    
    
 Transfer deadline day: Spurs double swoop, Ramsey joins Rangers – live!

Live


    
    
 Boris Johnson apologises in wake of Sue Gray report as Met police given 300 photos linked to No 10 parties – live

Live


    
    
 Biden says US is ‘ready no matter what happens’ as Russia escalates threat on Ukraine – live


    
    
 Joe Rogan’s Covid claims: what does the science actually say?


    
    
 Rihanna lets the world know she’s pregnant in the most Rihanna way possible 