 Australian businesses benefited from rising prices. Workers? Not so much

 Who will be the minister for sucking up to the teals but ignoring the Greens until it is too late?

 Is Australia’s election result a teal revolution or an old story of centre-right flight?

 The sheer size of the China trading relationship is why Australia has to share its feasts and famines with Beijing

 Linking nitrous oxide to climate risk is yet another example of the disdain shown to women’s pain

 Anthony Albanese’s government must learn from Labor’s last breakup with electoral power

 Australia’s parliament has to change – because autistic people like me can’t

Greg Jericho

 Australian businesses benefited from rising prices. Workers? Not so much

Brigid Delaney

 Sydney’s put on a dimmer and turned on the sprinklers: we’re not built to do this much rain

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 Is Australia’s election result a teal revolution or an old story of centre-right flight?

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 Every Hill Got A Story: collected First Nations oral histories are a profound gift to national memory

Katharine Murphy

How will Peter Dutton and David Littleproud reshape the Coalition?

Peter Lewis

 Anthony Albanese’s government must learn from Labor’s last breakup with electoral power

Jeff Sparrow

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 Congratulations to the Greens political party, they have finally done something useful! FINALLY! YEAH!

 The stories of Australia’s stolen generations were told 25 years ago – did they fall on deaf ears?

 As we reclaim the stage for Indigenous storytellers, we have a question for colonisers

 Australians woke up to Scott Morrison and didn’t just move the goalposts – they dragged them off the paddock

 Laura Tingle laments ‘stupid and depressing’ election campaign as Morrison dodges ABC debate

The Guardian view on Bradford, city of culture: Yorkshire’s triumph

 Like a frenzied gameshow contestant, Boris Johnson leaps over every obstacle

 I used to balk at telling people I was from Bradford – now it’s a UK city of culture

 My advice to the new Cressida Dick: police violent men, not the women they abuse

 Now, more than ever, I understand the need to get away from it all – so why don’t I miss flying?

 The Amber Heard-Johnny Depp trial was an orgy of misogyny

 Abortion and guns may awaken a slumbering giant for Democrats

 Who will be the minister for sucking up to the teals but ignoring the Greens until it is too late?

 Is the Covid pandemic finally nearing its end?

 Is Australia’s election result a teal revolution or an old story of centre-right flight?

 America is steeped in violence. And the roots of that violence go deep

 Like a frenzied gameshow contestant, Boris Johnson leaps over every obstacle

 Now, more than ever, I understand the need to get away from it all – so why don’t I miss flying?

 I’ve finally put something on eBay that people want – now I wish I hadn’t

Martin Rowson on Boris Johnson and the ministerial code – cartoon


    
    
 Research may reveal why people can suddenly become frail in their 70s


    
    
 Uvalde teacher closed propped-open door before shooting, Texas officials say


    
    
 Depp-Heard trial verdict: jury rules in favor of Johnny Depp

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: Moscow warns US over rocket shipments to Kyiv; Ukraine losing up to 100 soldiers a day – live 


    
    
 Scotland 1-3 Ukraine: World Cup 2022 qualifying playoff – as it happened


    
    
 Scientists discover ‘biggest plant on Earth’ off Western Australian coast


    
    
 Elon Musk tells employees to return to office or ‘pretend to work’ elsewhere


    
    
 Kimmel on Cruz: ‘I hope he never gets to eat peacefully in a restaurant again’


    
    
 Mountain lion strolls into northern California high school 


    
    
 Sheryl Sandberg steps down as chief operating officer of Facebook parent company Meta