 Did First Dog on the Moon help Scott Morrison win? And other election quandaries

 Strawmen and slippery slopes: how to spot politicians tinkering with the truth

 You’ll want to vomit, cry, die or sleep forever: what happens when you finish writing your book

 This picture tells the story of a prison that was – and remains – medieval for Aboriginal inmates

 It shouldn’t be such a shock that Anthony Albanese believes the minimum wage should rise with inflation

 So many unreleased ‘secret’ government reports! How much worse could everything be?

 With falling real incomes and rising prices many people don’t believe the story of prosperity Scott Morrison is preaching

Greg Jericho

 It shouldn’t be such a shock that Anthony Albanese believes the minimum wage should rise with inflation

Brigid Delaney

 You’ll want to vomit, cry, die or sleep forever: what happens when you finish writing your book

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 This picture tells the story of a prison that was – and remains – medieval for Aboriginal inmates

Katharine Murphy

Julia Gillard makes rare appearance to back Katy Gallagher as Labor fears David Pocock upset

Peter Lewis

 Scott Morrison’s pitch for power is: it’s better the devil you know. But is sympathy for the devil dwindling?

Jeff Sparrow

 Rightwing media no longer wield power as they once did. So why is Labor letting them set the election agenda?

 The whole wretched election campaign: The debates! The gotchas! The raw chicken!

 Reconciliation action plans can bring meaningful accountability to corporate Australia

 Undecided? Jaded with Australia’s major parties? Here are five stark differences between them this election

 A Victorian treaty must deliver economic independence for First Peoples

 Reconciliation action plans let settlers take up more space, not relinquish it

Nicola Jennings: the harp and the lyre – cartoon

 Buffalo shooting: how white replacement theory keeps inspiring mass murder

 My burnout is born of a health system that treats the emergency department as a panacea

The Guardian view on the newly united French left: beyond the fragments

The Guardian view on Maeve Gilmore’s art: out from the shadows

 Buffalo shooting: how white replacement theory keeps inspiring mass murder

 My burnout is born of a health system that treats the emergency department as a panacea

 In her gracious acceptance of death, Deborah James has given us lessons in how to live

 There’s no such thing as a textbook menopause – and taking HRT isn’t ‘cheating’

 No thanks, Ma’am. For LGBT campaigners like me, your jubilee is nothing to celebrate

 I’m excited by the teal independents – but where’s the racial and ethnic diversity?

 Meet the former Nazi rocket scientist who all too accurately saw the future

 Yes, I’m the jester who coined ‘Wagatha Christie’ – my gift to headline writers everywhere

Nicola Jennings: the harp and the lyre – cartoon

 Boris Johnson is using Ukraine crisis to launch a British comeback in Europe


    
    
 Margaret Thatcher statue egged within hours of it being installed

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: Sweden to follow Finland in applying to join Nato; Ukrainian forces reach Russian border – live


    
    
 North Korea ‘in great turmoil’ over Covid death toll, says Kim Jong-un


    
    
 Russia’s Black Sea blockade pushing millions towards famine, G7 says


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Buffalo shooting: how white replacement theory keeps inspiring mass murder


    
    
 Buffalo shooting: Biden says racist killing of 10 people ‘abhorrent to fabric of nation’


    
    
 Zelenskiy: Ukraine retakes more ground as Russia suffers 'worst aviation losses in decades' – video


    
    
 Ukrainian who walked 140 miles to safety fears for his canine companion


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Every day I wake up and wonder if today is the day. Why am I not dead yet?


    
    
 Caesar’s favourite herb was the Viagra of ancient Rome. Until climate change killed it off