 Labor now has the chance to act with gusto on climate policy

 Cleo’s world was darkened by depression. Reconnecting brought back some colour

 Liberals still in Canberra must find their moderate voice and assertively represent the centre

 Stoking fear and hatred held the Coalition in power – finally Australia had enough

 The election outcome exposes a gaping disconnect between News Corp and voters

 History tells us women can turn elections: the Liberals should have listened

 ‘We’ve earned better than this’: voters give their verdict on the Australian election

Greg Jericho

 Australian wages in real terms are essentially no different from where they were in 2013

Brigid Delaney

Albanese claims victory over Morrison – as it happened

Jason Wilson

 Dragging Russia’s invasion into Australia’s culture war is as unimaginative as it is amoral

Van Badham

 As Khloé Kardashian appears to know, there’s an existential terror to beauty

Ranjana Srivastava

 Australia relies on overseas-trained medical experts yet consigns them to professional purgatory

Paul Daley

 What makes a great political speech? Let’s talk about oratory, my fellow citizens

Katharine Murphy

Nationals could dump Barnaby Joyce over net zero stance with Peter Dutton set to lead Liberals

Peter Lewis

 ‘Second miracle’ or historic win from opposition? No one knows how this election journey will end

Jeff Sparrow

 This election, are the teals ready to take on the fossil fuel lobby that’s captured the major parties?

 Is it really true? Surely there is a false dawn! Are they really gone? Prime minister Albo!

 Australians woke up to Scott Morrison and didn’t just move the goalposts – they dragged them off the paddock

 Laura Tingle laments ‘stupid and depressing’ election campaign as Morrison dodges ABC debate

 A forgotten story of the election is First Nations voices are often excluded from the conversation

 Reconciliation action plans can bring meaningful accountability to corporate Australia

The Guardian view on Viktor Orbán’s Brussels bashing: a reckoning must come

 After the election I feel something new, a tiny brightness between hope and relief

 Australia has shown how quickly the right can crumble. Boris Johnson, be warned

 What makes me feel patriotic about the Queen’s jubilee? Trifles and all-day drinking

 Is the great pandemic parcel boom finally over?

 Is it really true? Surely there is a false dawn! Are they really gone? Prime minister Albo!

 Australia has shown how quickly the right can crumble. Boris Johnson, be warned

 We must stop letting Russia define the terms of the Ukraine crisis

 After the election I feel something new, a tiny brightness between hope and relief

 Liberals still in Canberra must find their moderate voice and assertively represent the centre

 America’s billionaire class is funding anti-democratic forces

 Labor now has the chance to act with gusto on climate policy

 Cleo’s world was darkened by depression. Reconnecting brought back some colour

 Having a baby has been a tornado through my life – I see why new parents dream of communes

 Goodbye to the age of rage: why Piers Morgan’s outrage journalism is flopping


    
    
 ‘Warmongering, lies and hatred’: Russian diplomat in Geneva resigns over Ukraine invasion


    
    
 A Ukrainian soldier uploaded all his photos of Azovstal before he was captured. Here they are


    
    
 ‘You are a jackass’: video of Rudy Giuliani rant at Israel parade goes viral

Live


    
    
 Russia-Ukraine war: 48 more Russian soldiers to face war crimes trial with 13,000 alleged offences to be investigated – live


    
    
 ‘Dawn of a new creature’: after a vicious attack, a city ponders living with coyotes


    
    
 Capitol attack panel to hold six public hearings as it aims to show how Trump broke law


    
     


    
        
 

    

 
 Don’t believe those who say ending Roe v Wade will leave society largely intact


    
    
 Joe Biden says US recession ‘is not inevitable’ despite rampant inflation – as it happened


    
    
 Several people injured at California rodeo as bull jumps fence into crowd


    
    
 Biden’s Taiwan vow creates confusion not clarity – and raises China tensions