 Alexander Downer is the wrong choice to review the UK’s border force – Australia’s record is nothing to emulate

 The day Roy the old border collie fell in the dam – WE ALMOST DIED BUT WE DIDN’T!

 One year on from Australia’s showdown with Facebook over the news media code, there’s still a lot we don’t know

 Colleagues aren’t celebrated much in the annals of friendship – but I’ve really missed mine

 Cultural birthing practices are what Indigenous women need, it’s time we invested

 I don’t have to choose between my hijab and going to school, but my sisters aren’t so lucky

 Belittling the Canberra convoy protesters will just push ostracised people further into their bunkers

Greg Jericho

 Interest rate rises will drive Australia’s election campaign – and may come bang in the middle of it

Brigid Delaney

 Colleagues aren’t celebrated much in the annals of friendship – but I’ve really missed mine

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 The global ‘freedom movement’ is a carnival of crank and conspiracy – and very dangerous

Ranjana Srivastava

 Bit by bit, dementia made him slip away. The beginning of the end came when he got lost in the city

Paul Daley

 Bunbury, WA – just one of Australia’s many places named after the killers of Indigenous people

Katharine Murphy

‘Wild and ruthless’: Katharine Murphy on surprise rebellion and familiar tactics

Peter Lewis

 One year on from Australia’s showdown with Facebook over the news media code, there’s still a lot we don’t know

Jeff Sparrow

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 Society is collapsing! Is it possible Grace Tame was once exposed to secondhand pot fumes?

 Government still fighting high court battle for power to deport Indigenous Australians from their own country

 We know ‘the system’ has long failed Aboriginal people – so why not cyberpunk it?

 Each year the Invasion Day cry gets louder. Each year we add names to the list of our dead

 Our people will be mourning on 26 January, but it can still become a day of healing

A chill wind: Storm Eunice and Vladimir Putin – cartoon

 Some of François Truffaut’s new wave films are still coming of age

 Forget state surveillance. Our tracking devices are now doing the same job

 Gavin Rossdale should stick to what he knows and stay out of the kitchen

 Whatever’s happening with Kanye and Kim, his behavior shouldn’t be normalized

 Morrison and Dutton should beware; the sword they wield against Labor on China is double-edged

 Whatever’s happening with Kanye and Kim, his behavior shouldn’t be normalized

 Forget state surveillance. Our tracking devices are now doing the same job

‘Aotearoa is and always will be beautiful’: New Zealand readers’ favourite wild places

 You can’t erase history. But if you lived on Prince Andrew Way, you might have a go

 Was Boris Johnson at work when he partied? Can anything he does be called work?

A chill wind: Storm Eunice and Vladimir Putin – cartoon

 This may come as a surprise, but I think the Tories’ levelling-up policy has got it right

 The day Roy the old border collie fell in the dam – WE ALMOST DIED BUT WE DIDN’T!

 Alexander Downer is the wrong choice to review the UK’s border force – Australia’s record is nothing to emulate


    
    
 ‘I was walking past her bedroom and spotted her legs sticking out’: Helge Skodvin’s best phone picture


    
    
 AOC calls Tucker Carlson ‘trash’ for saying she is not a woman of colour


    
    
 ‘We’re in danger of forgetting’: congressman’s warning 80 years after Japanese American incarceration


    
    
 Jean-Luc Brunel, held on suspicion of supplying girls to Epstein, found hanged


    
    
 Lindsey Pearlman, US TV actor, found dead after being reported missing

Live


    
    
 Ukraine crisis: Nato moves staff out of Kyiv; Blinken denounces Kremlin claims - live


    
    
 Manchester City 2-3 Tottenham: Premier League – as it happened


    
    
 Las Vegas clerk killed self after shooting customer with no mask, police say


    
    
 Hundreds gather to mourn ‘extraordinary’ Cheslie Kryst, attorney and former Miss USA


    
    
 Analysis: what happens if Russia invades?