 During a pandemic the healthcare system needs some effort and money YOU ARE THE GOVERNMENT THAT IS YOUR JOB

 There’s been an exodus from Australia’s cities to the regions. What does that mean for local economies?

 Did I just pay someone to bash me up? The horror of a rough massage

 I applaud your work Dylan Alcott, but we can’t all ‘love’ our disability

 ‘Moral distress clings to you’: the mood has changed for health providers – and it’s unsettling

 The market thinks rates are about to go up because of inflation. The market could be wrong

 A prime minister who lives by the photo op dies by the photo op – and Grace Tame owes Scott Morrison nothing

Greg Jericho

 The market thinks rates are about to go up because of inflation. The market could be wrong

Brigid Delaney

 Did I just pay someone to bash me up? The horror of a rough massage

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 A prime minister who lives by the photo op dies by the photo op – and Grace Tame owes Scott Morrison nothing

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Moral distress clings to you’: the mood has changed for health providers – and it’s unsettling

Paul Daley

Book It In: Marion Frith on hope in the aftermath of war

Katharine Murphy

Labor’s lone wolf: Anthony Albanese embarks on the fight of his life

Peter Lewis

 Slo-Mo’s summer of missteps means Australian politics has ceased to be a game

Jeff Sparrow

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 A whole new year of excitement and fun what does 2022 have in store for us?

 Each year the Invasion Day cry gets louder. Each year we add names to the list of our dead

 Our people will be mourning on 26 January, but it can still become a day of healing

 How four men with a beach umbrella made history in the battle for Aboriginal sovereignty

 What is racial invisibility, and how do white people benefit from it?

The Guardian view on football governance: there must be no more Derbys

 We don’t need Sue Gray’s report to tell us that Britain is run by a liar

 Why it’s the right time to lift plan B restrictions in England

 The Joe Rogan v Neil Young furore reveals Spotify’s new priority: naked capitalism

 Birds are remarkable and beautiful animals – and they’re disappearing from our world

 During a pandemic the healthcare system needs some effort and money YOU ARE THE GOVERNMENT THAT IS YOUR JOB

 I applaud your work Dylan Alcott, but we can’t all ‘love’ our disability

 The Joe Rogan v Neil Young furore reveals Spotify’s new priority: naked capitalism

 Prime minister, as a refugee I have done everything Australia has asked. Nine years on, why am I still in detention?

 On The Project my rage bubbled to the surface. That’s what happens when women are no longer willing to make nice

 There’s been an exodus from Australia’s cities to the regions. What does that mean for local economies?

 We don’t need Sue Gray’s report to tell us that Britain is run by a liar

 Birds are remarkable and beautiful animals – and they’re disappearing from our world

 A prime minister who lives by the photo op dies by the photo op – and Grace Tame owes Scott Morrison nothing

Martin Rowson on the delay of the Sue Gray report into Downing Street party claims – cartoon


    
    
 America’s hottest city is nearly unlivable in summer. Can cooling technologies save it?


    
    
 Billionaire Republican backer donates to Manchin after he killed key Biden bill


    
    
 ‘Killed by indifference’: France shocked by death on busy Paris street


    
    
 ‘Be thankful you don’t have our poison’: US pollster Frank Luntz’s warning to UK


    
    
 At least nine officers fatally shoot man walking on Nashville interstate highway


    
    
 Pittsburgh bridge collapses hours before Biden’s infrastructure speech in city


    
    
 First female chess grandmaster sues Netflix over false claim in Queen’s Gambit


    
    
 Yvette Mimieux obituary


    
    
 ‘We are desperate for new people’: inside a hate group’s leaked online chats


    
    
  Canada truckers’ vaccine protest spirals into calls to repeal all public health rules