 Taming big tech with a big stick makes a great meme for Morrison but it won’t bring about systemic changes

 I was sexually assaulted by an Australian parliamentarian’s chief of staff – I believe change is coming

 It’s year three, why are we still having Covid feelings? Could it be we have unresolved grief?

 It’s one thing for Macron to call Morrison a liar, but quite another when the accusation comes from inside the Coalition

 Australian women are in a state of rage. They have to be taken seriously

 Government debt in Australia is well below average – but the number is deceptive

 Postpartum rage: after giving birth, feelings of frustration and fury took me by surprise

Greg Jericho

 With inflation on the rise, Australia’s cost of living will dominate the election debate

Brigid Delaney

 Omicron felled me, but like the unheard tree in the forest I couldn’t prove it

Jason Wilson

How far-right extremist groups face exposure from army of hacktivists

Van Badham

 A prime minister who lives by the photo op dies by the photo op – and Grace Tame owes Scott Morrison nothing

Ranjana Srivastava

 ‘Moral distress clings to you’: the mood has changed for health providers – and it’s unsettling

Paul Daley

 Scott Morrison’s cliched myths about Australian resilience won’t drown out the national cry of anguish

Katharine Murphy

Australia politics live news updates: Coalition party room backs religious discrimination bill changes; PM apologises to Brittany Higgins

Peter Lewis

 Taming big tech with a big stick makes a great meme for Morrison but it won’t bring about systemic changes

Jeff Sparrow

 In an era of rightwing populism, we cannot destroy democracy in order to save it

 What sort of things should the prime minister know?

 We know ‘the system’ has long failed Aboriginal people – so why not cyberpunk it?

 Each year the Invasion Day cry gets louder. Each year we add names to the list of our dead

 Our people will be mourning on 26 January, but it can still become a day of healing

 How four men with a beach umbrella made history in the battle for Aboriginal sovereignty

The Guardian view on social media’s metaverse: it may remain science fiction

 Carrie Johnson shouldn’t carry the can for her husband’s mistakes

 No, Kirstie Allsopp, cancelling Netflix won’t buy a house – in any location

 The definition of levelling down: the Bank of England calling for wage ‘restraint’

 Wasteful, costly and cruel: it’s time to bin GCSEs for good

 I was sexually assaulted by an Australian parliamentarian’s chief of staff – I believe change is coming

 No, Kirstie Allsopp, cancelling Netflix won’t buy a house – in any location

 It’s one thing for Macron to call Morrison a liar, but quite another when the accusation comes from inside the Coalition

 It’s year three, why are we still having Covid feelings? Could it be we have unresolved grief?

 Carrie Johnson shouldn’t carry the can for her husband’s mistakes

 Australian women are in a state of rage. They have to be taken seriously

Steve Bell on Macron’s visit to Russia for Ukraine crisis talks with Putin – cartoon

 The definition of levelling down: the Bank of England calling for wage ‘restraint’

 Madison Cawthorn backed the Capitol attack. Will he be barred from office?

 What sort of things should the prime minister know?


    
    
 ‘This is a parody’: Germany left fuming after night of ski jumping mayhem


    
    
 Dutch torture container ‘shows cocaine users the consequences of their habits’


    
    
 Warner Bros sued over ‘abysmal’ Matrix Resurrections release


    
    
 A third of Americans are already facing above-average warming

Live


    
    
 Winter Olympics 2022 day four: Men’s super-G; USA v Canada in ice hockey – live!


    
    
 The Bengals are in the Super Bowl but their owner remains reviled


    
    
 Trump’s incendiary Texas speech may have deepened his legal troubles, experts say


    
    
 Peter Thiel, PayPal founder and Trump ally, to step down from Meta board


    
    
 Governor Glenn Youngkin accused of ‘toxic culture’ after aides attack teen on Twitter


    
    
 ‘I have no more tears’: Beijing’s Winter Olympics hit by athlete complaints